rating,review,split
negative,a pain to get in and out of . i dread each trip i have to take to this place . ,train
negative,they just lost my money cause no one would ask if i needed help . waste of my time . ,train
negative,decent wait staff and the food is okay . not the best hooters but definitely not the worst . ,train
negative,overpriced and microwaved . eat more than feet away from the game and enjoy a meal . ,train
negative,the service is horrendous . went there numerous times and my orders have been messed up . ,train
negative,this place is overpriced for what you get . . . . the food is okay . not very authentic . ,train
negative,ordered the chicken bowl and the chicken was extremely dry . the rice and sauce was okay . ,train
negative,aweful ! waited mins for food and that is with hardly anybody there . ,train
negative,"bland , boring , uninteresting typical american chinese food . nothing to write home about . ",train
negative,do not waste your time or money here ! i was in a rush to get my,train
negative,not good at all . ,train
negative,very small large sundaes in my opinion . food is very mediocre . ,train
negative,this station is ridiculous and infuriating,train
negative,it s an airport . . . . . . n nthe taxi guys were nice though . ,train
negative,slow and rude service at a dirty restaurant . ,train
negative,"horrible service and bland , tasteless food ! ",train
negative,this location has closed . ,train
negative,excellent and fast service during lunch hours . over priced mediocre food . ,train
negative,this business is closed . ,train
negative,i hate this place,train
negative,will buy a grill and some meat and try my own hand before i go back . ,train
negative,not impressed at all,train
negative,"it s ok . not a lot to say about it . average food , average prices . ",train
negative,closed . ,train
negative,service was terrible and staff was very unfriendly ! ,train
negative,garden ridge has just turned into a junky flea market . gag ! ! ! ,train
negative,i feef that the waitress was not trained correctly and she should never have been fired,train
negative,long wait to check in . creepy ish location . ,train
negative,nope ! ,train
negative,nothing special about this place . great location but the facilities are a little tired . ,train
negative,lousy ! you re a file number . ,train
negative,oops . wrong location . ,train
negative,consumer alert . . . rats ! ,train
negative,makeup staff is rude . ,train
negative,never will go again . . food was so nasty . . didn t even put the flag up . . . ,train
negative,went there tonight . n nworst sushi i have ever had . ,train
negative,"non attentive staff , very rude bartender . left before getting waited on ! ",train
negative,how many times do i have to get crappy blueberries from sprouts before i learn my lesson ? ,train
negative,the worst excuse for chinese food ! the only tying i ate were the fortune cookies . ,train
negative,over priced yuppie garbage . npoor unknowledgable servants . ngo to the farmers market ! ,train
negative,please clean your floor properly . it feels like crisco under your feet . very dangerous . ,train
negative,"it was awful . not even sure that it was beef . really , really bad",train
negative,"closed , now called the timbers . ",train
negative,place isn t and won t ever have the same taste since they switched owners . ,train
negative,"i love buffalo wild wings , but the customer service on this location sucks ! ! ",train
negative,as far as pizza goes . . . um no thanks . ,train
negative,still growing out my hair . mureeza salon still sucks . ,train
negative,overpriced for the type of food . ,train
negative,"cheap as can be . the coffee is terrible , the food is as average as could be . ",train
negative,"super duper friendly service , but i am here to eat , and it is mediocore food at best . ",train
negative,"i don t see the hype . bad service , bland food . ",train
negative,what a cluster,train
negative,"i just want to like it due to its location and great beer selection , but the food is awful . ",train
negative,disgusting ! i d rather eat mcdonald s over this place ! ,train
negative,"dirty , stinks horribly ! couldn t wait to leave . ",train
negative,there are a good selection of places to eat . nice lobby,train
negative,service is always bad . management not friendly . ,train
negative,"hooters has closed this location , sorry . ",train
negative,terrible,train
negative,the incompetence of the employees forces me to question how anything gets shipped at all . . . ,train
negative,not so rad . ,train
negative,terrible nasty trashy place,train
negative,"grotesque food , vulgar staff , blech . ",train
negative,unfriendly people no tip for you,train
negative,had the chicken schwarma . it was too dry . ,train
negative,i m not even sure where to start . horrible ! ,train
negative,stay away . ,train
negative,pathetic . . . one bathroom for for gates b . been to third world airports that are better ! ,train
negative,why have this restaurant listed ? it has closed down ! ! ! ,train
negative,roach on the windowsill . nuff said . ,train
negative,they now close at pm instead of pm . i am taking away another star . ,train
negative,ok food,train
negative,"zombie like service , food mediocre . meh . ",train
negative,"new , clean but horrible service . waited minutes for two breakfast sandwiches . ",train
negative,not the best indian restaurant but it will do ! ,train
negative,extremely slow . . . we waited entirely too long for food . ,train
negative,"the mongolian beef and chicken chow mein were very bland , and lacking on any major flavor . ",train
negative,the service was okay but geez the place smells like pee . ,train
negative,a sports bar galore ncold french fries make me so sad neighteen dollars gone,train
negative,"gross . typical greasy , low quality mexican food . if it s all you can afford buon appetite . ",train
negative,so terrible . neverything . . . besides the hotcakes . ,train
negative,trained to do haircuts in minutes,train
negative,"i went there tonight , but sadly this scottsdale location is out of business . ",train
negative,horrible service ! crappy food ! we waited min at our table before we even got any type of food . ,train
negative,"this place sucks , not good mexican food . the taco bell i had the other day was more authentic . ",train
negative,ok nothing to be impressed with here . id rather eat at filabertos ! ,train
negative,nasty,train
negative,"not my pleasure , not a fan . ",train
negative,awesome place if you like your hair looking like you are years old . disappointing . ,train
negative,my clothes smelled like armpits onions when i picked them up . i will never go back . ,train
negative,service is horrible,train
negative,great service and location . food was ok nothing great . we all ordered the sunday brunch . ,train
negative,"my manicure chipped after days , not sure how the pedicures are",train
negative,"wow , really yelp reviwers ? i did not like their food or service . ",train
negative,"i found a thin rope in my donut ! ! ! not very clean , i would say ! ",train
negative,slow as hell for carry out . ,train
negative,booooo,train
negative,"just found hair in the pizza . eww ! never again from this location will i order food , blah ! ",train
negative,i m a big fan of mc d s but i was expecting more when i saw pork chop biscuit what a fail . ,train
negative,restaurant is closed . ,train
negative,"went to this store yesterday , only to find it closed and empty ! no longer at chandler mall . ",train
negative,worst chinese i ve had in pittsburgh . i ordered pork fried rice . ,train
negative,"closed . . . gone under , outta here . . see ya later , bye bye . . ",train
negative,lame school . waste of time and money . ,train
negative,"the store is small and uncomfortable , but the products are decent . ",train
negative,worst service ever . ,train
negative,i didn t feel that good spending my money here food was ok but the customer service not that great,train
negative,quick and fast food here ! not the best,train
negative,owner or manager was very rude when we presented our yelp deal . ,train
negative,owner does not have integrity . ,train
negative,can this place get an order correct the st time ? i think not ! ,train
negative,"horrible sight lines , small uncomfortable seats . . . this place is obsolete . awful . ",train
negative,fyi this place is closed . it is for sale . ,train
negative,pinky s is closed,train
negative,i had more fun at the arizona state fair and paid a lot less . n nthat about sums it up ! ,train
negative,more of a tourist attraction . food is better elsewhere for the cost . ,train
negative,the service was bad the food was cold,train
negative,this place is closed as of ,train
negative,i think this place closed . ,train
negative,"no no no , this placemakes panda express seem gourmet . garbage food ! ",train
negative,updated since they did finally give our money back . still beware . ,train
negative,fuck this airport . tpa represent ! ,train
negative, u b b u b u a made me wait minutes for some pan fried noodles and fried rice . ,train
negative,poor customer service . ,train
negative,this restaurant closed down about a year or more ago . ,train
negative,"as of july , , a sign on the front said that it was closed permanently . ",train
negative,i just ate half of a cockroach . gross . never going here again . ,train
negative,service was horrible and food was mediocre at best won t be going back,train
negative,bug in my food . need i say more . . . . ,train
negative,i will never go back to this place again . horrible customer service . stay away . ,train
negative,don t do it ! they are horrible ! ! stay away ! ! looks are deceiving . . . ,train
negative,"excellent ambient , nice place . good food",train
negative,quality went down the drain ! staff is nice but that s the only good thing to say,train
negative,the burger was really good . the service wasn t good . ,train
negative,first time here and i wasnt impressed at all ! i should have gone to the dairy queen ,train
negative,sushi was average choices extremely limited . drinks watered down . atmosphere and decor are tops,train
negative,neither,train
negative,not worth the price,train
negative,customer service is terrible doubt i will ever go back,train
negative,they have a decent selection but no one to talk to . . . business goes elsewhere . ,train
negative,food and service mediocre . ,train
negative,cashiers dont know how to count . if you like loosing money come here,train
negative,not good,train
negative,the bubble boba tea was absolutely disgusting . ,train
negative,"this place is a zero star dive . in particular , do not eat dinner in the depressing restaurant . ",train
negative,"they had a hr window and never showed , when i called they didn t seem interested in my business",train
negative,more of a country style goodwill but its cool had what i need for cheap,train
negative,this place is dirty and the food sucks,train
negative,"as someone who works in the medical feild , i would never refer here after my experience . ",train
negative,food is inconsistent at this location . ,train
negative,"terrible . long wait , food was a mess and unappealing . one of the worst places i ve been . ",train
negative,the worst macaroni grill i ve ever been to ! do not waste your time ! ! ! ,train
negative,"staff was rude , unfriendly and unprofessional . the food was over priced and too salty . ",train
negative,"old , smells , and not enough signs . not a fan . ",train
negative,"stay away from this hooters . bad food , bad service . bleh ! ",train
negative,very rude sales people i will never buy one thing from them again ! ,train
negative,poor service took them weeks to fix one darn bumper . never do business with them ever again . ,train
negative,summer hours . . . open at noon ! wtf ! ,train
negative,"indifferent food , atrocious service . ",train
negative,ew . each bite was pure fatty nastiness . ,train
negative,good luck getting out nwith your soul and belongings . nbring your own flashlight . n n n b ,train
negative,it was okay . . . . . small place but the food was good . . . . large portions . . . . ,train
negative,old place looks old bad location and the noisiest a c in the room ever,train
negative,the facility is nice but the staff . not so much . . . . . . . ,train
negative,i believe this location has closed and should be removed as a listing,train
negative,this place is closed . ,train
negative,i got tired of waiting in line with one register open and people in front of me . won t be back . ,train
negative,yawn . . . . this place used to be amazing . now over priced like pf changs . won t be back . ,train
negative,"wow , dirty bathrooms , dirty concession stand . just eww . ",train
negative,"very unhappy with the rooms not a four star size , configuration or quality grounds nice staff nice",train
negative,"horrible experience , bad service , sub par food . ",train
negative,terrible service . the water tastes like dirt . ,train
negative,so slow . one cashier and customers ! ! ! ! ! ,train
negative,"this mimis has gone way down hill , acouple managment changes really hasnt helped much",train
negative,not the greatest tonight the quality is just a bit off . ,train
negative,pre fab fried food . decor has character . the beer is cheap . ,train
negative,"i want to like it more , i really do . ",train
negative,food is average . . for a slice and small wings topped with bad service ! ,train
negative,the guys working here seemed very bothered i wanted to purchase a smoothie . very unfriendly ! ! ,train
negative,clicks is closed . n ngood luck to the great staff who worked so hard ! rip click s billiards ! ,train
negative,ew to poor service and less than desireable food ! no bueno,train
negative,yuk . dirty and gross,train
negative,sushi is average but good happy hour ! ,train
negative,very greasy and food tastes like it was not fresh and prepared and frozen . bbq meat tasted old . ,train
negative,the rice was hard and the beans were cold . that was a terrible example for mexican food tonight . ,train
negative,i am a regular and love this diner ! but it was degrees in there today ! ,train
negative,"one word , nicantoni s . see the original owner of buono s . ",train
negative,closed at chandler mall ? ? ,train
negative,eeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww,train
negative,"bad food , ",train
negative,ok food but the service suks rotten eggs . huge fail . ,train
negative,nice hotel rooms . food all around the area . day for internet is a joke ! ,train
negative,bill our server was terrible ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ,train
negative,its our second time here and they messed up our order both times and the service is horrible . ,train
negative,i love a hotel where the cashier sits behind bulletproof glass . nothing makes me feel safer . ,train
negative,beware . ,train
negative,grade d n nchain restaurant food . loud and chaotic . eat somewhere else . ,train
negative,ordered delivery food took two hours and was cold . wing sauce was spilled all over bag . ,train
negative,nice to find a dead fly on the bed after checking in ! nicely done . ,train
negative,"horrible service . nlumpy , jagged shellac manicure . ",train
negative,i really enjoy shopping here . thank you,train
negative,soooo slow . . . . even the drive through,train
negative,this place is missing one key ingredient flavor . ,train
negative,"they ll steal your money , then threaten you . stop keeping scum in business . ",train
negative,i was banned for life from this bar in the spring of . ,train
negative,ugh . dirty . long lines . walked out without making purchase . ,train
negative,they gave me cold mac and cheese . ,train
negative,place way over priced,train
negative,decent donuts but horrible coffee . . . . ,train
negative,"terrible airline operations , incompetent tsa . you re better off flying in to abq and driving . ",train
negative,bug in my veggie sandwich from the bar ,train
negative,"the car was nice , the service was terrible . can i give zero stars ? ",train
negative,"no vegetarian options , and staff always too busy and not personable . ",train
negative,pricey and boring . everything tasted the same for crying out loud . ,train
negative,not as good as i expected . the food was ok but not crazily yummy like shown on triple ds,train
negative,horrible customer svc . now i shop at neiman . bye saks,train
negative,"definately not service with a smile . order is usually wrong , and workers are rude . ",train
negative,tired . staff and food . ,train
negative,the bar was okay but the comedy show was horrible . ,train
negative,damicos has been closed since december ,train
negative,closed due to the roof collapsed during a monsoon rain,train
negative,pittsburgh restoration hardware has the worst customer service . . stay away . ,train
negative,use the chipotle tabasco the bad rating is for the service i recieved ,train
negative, pm and chair s all up on tables . had to stand outside ! ,train
negative,"when something goes wrong , they don t stand behind the food they sell . ",train
negative,looks like if you write a neg review it gets filtered . sorry yelp but it is what it is . ,train
negative,not gun friendly ! ,train
negative,"very poor quality meat , not authentic , bad flavor . avoid",train
negative,the service is absolutely horrible . the staff is rude and acts put out by your mere presence ! ,train
negative,they are never on time . i will wait an hour after my apt time just to see the vet . ridiculous . ,train
negative,below average . so many other places to go . don t waste your monry,train
negative,mediocre food and so so service . would not return . ,train
negative,"boy , their attitudes sure do suck , and their subs are so unbelievably nasty . uuuggghhh ! ",train
negative,i hate you . ,train
negative,wings were ok . liked the yella pilsner draft special . decent dive bar . real good ranch ! ,train
negative,closed this is now la canasta . ,train
negative,"went there last night , great concept , good looking food . . . tasteless and bland . ",train
negative,i have had very poor experiences dealing with this business . period . ,train
negative,slowest customer service in charlotte,train
negative,closed ! closed ! closed ! ,train
negative,"if you re in the mood for a mediocre burrito as big as your leg , you re in the right place . ",train
negative, . ,train
negative,they did a horrible job . not recommended . ,train
negative,"it is not delicious , but the service is good . ",train
negative,friendly service . just doesn t compare to dim sum in cali . ,train
negative,ok mexican dishes . not authentic but good and tasty . quick fix if your in that neighborhood . ,train
negative,terrible . some of the worst service and worst pizza i ve ever had . ,train
negative,horrible service and gave our food to another table,train
negative,"dirty room , walls paper thin no fans in the bathrooms . smelled cigarettes from other rooms . ",train
negative,nice staff but that s about all . would never stay here again,train
negative,never . . . ever . . . again . there is too much other good food around town . ,train
negative,they have closed ! ! ! ,train
negative,"a walgreens with no liquor ? what am i , in utah ? ",train
negative,this jack s has been closed ! thank goodness since we got food poisoning from this place ! yuck ! ,train
negative,didn t live up to my expectations at all . waste of time and money . sloooooow service . ,train
negative,"if you are into crooked haircuts and terrible customer service , this is your salon . ",train
negative,i went for lunch last week . the food was awful . do not waste your money at this restaurant . ,train
negative,this review pending a post event phone call to air grievances . ,train
negative,this coffee is awful . ngood thing there is no reason for me to ever go here again . ,train
negative,worst auto bell in town . do not go here . it wasn t even decent enough for one star . ,train
negative,was very disappointed with the food . it was overcooked and not seasoned very well,train
negative,"seriously ? no amphitheater seating ? ? called , they want their theatre back . ",train
negative,since the changed menu yuk ! will not return . ,train
negative,the worst ever . . wasted my money,train
negative,ate here twice . thought it was dirty and didn t find the food very good at all . ,train
negative,it took over an hour to get our food . don t go on a sunday after church . ,train
negative,great time,train
negative,totally messed up my drink order after i waited for it forever . ,train
negative,"dry chicken , bland help , yay it s southpark . ",train
negative,say they open at am . . . sitting here at after and locked shuttered . can t open on time ? ,train
negative,"for as expensive as this is , at least they could give you a real cup for coffee vs . styrofoam . ",train
negative,the salad doesn t have enough cheese ! ,train
negative,closed ? sign on the door says the landlord seized everything . ,train
negative,generally substantially slower and noticeably more expensive than badger cab . ,train
negative,closed now traffic jam,train
negative,"avg food , too salty . ",train
negative,horrible bar service . . . all draft beers are out on a saturday ! not worth the stop . ,train
negative,dirtiest jack in the box ever ! ! i grew eating jack in the box an this is a peru excuse for one . ,train
negative,ate at this location twice first time was just ok . . . and my second time i got food poising,train
negative,expensive and just ok . ,train
negative,c,train
negative,worst dj is here . way too loud on the microphone . i will not be going here . ,train
negative,terrible service . . . it took a few minutes just to be greeted by the host . nfood was ok . . . ,train
negative,"still closed , phone not in service . ",train
negative,i feel bad posting this but it is a complete waste of time . ,train
negative,i actually got a good haircut but the customer service was really bad . you ve been warned . ,train
negative,rip . off . thief people up in there . ,train
negative,chicken katsu was horrible . over cooked massive fatty chicken yuck . ,train
negative,i walked in literally walked right out . n nnot my cup of tea . . . . . . or beer . ,train
negative, stars only because the service was good . food sucked . ,train
negative,nothing special . precooked meals that taste microwaved . ,train
negative,flies in this place . ,train
negative,a dealer s release of wrong information is labelled as a fraud to cheat the consumers ! ,train
negative,"greasy , salty , gringo mexican food at gringo prices . no bueno . no gracias . ",train
negative,it s way too loud in here . i prefer the central ave . location . ,train
negative,this quiznos is not good to go to . they are rude and the sandwich sucked . . . do not go here ! ,train
negative,good on the usual suspects but other than that don t get too crazy on the others . service not good,train
negative,i haven t been back here in years . the food is mediocre at best . head to monterrey s . ,train
negative,receptionist was very rude and i would never take my pet here ! ,train
negative,horrible horrible service,train
negative,closed ! ,train
negative,the chicken tenders had a weird rubbery texture and this was the second time so no more for me . ,train
negative,just watched a guy in a sf giants cap flip burgers with his glove . gross . ,train
negative,food sucked . but atmosphere was great with the many people we were with . ,train
negative,thats not bbq . . . its meat with bbq sauce ,train
negative,awesome chowder but that s it . . . ,train
negative,a part here cost me . found same part at home depot for . won t be back ! ,train
negative,"i saw sharts , a skullet and a brony ! ",train
negative,out of business . ,train
negative,the food is really not good . ,train
negative,meh . nthat s about as much enthusiasm as i can muster for this place . . . ,train
negative,well not very good at all,train
negative,"if you like dog food , then go to this lousy place for food . ",train
negative,i had him bid something for me and not thorough in looking at the job and the price was high,train
negative,"been closed for months , was open less than month enough said ! nwasn t very good at all . . . . ",train
negative,"how the mighty have fallen , service is pure crap",train
negative,"good food worth waiting , and waiting , and waiting for . . . now wait wait for the check . ",train
negative,rude staff . always screw up online orders . never ready on time . ,train
negative,the gym will be closed in june . their reason lease is up ,train
negative,their quesadilla burger gave me food poisoning . nuff said . ,train
negative,very rude service . poor choices of sides e . g . no french fries ,train
negative,bring a book to read while you wait for your food to come . a pillow might come in handy also . ,train
negative,ew . i will never go back . just thinking about my experience makes me want to vom . ,train
negative,the coke still has a funny taste . i was hoping after they remodeled that that would be fixed . ,train
negative,"we went three for st , patrick day . two harps bottle beers and oyster costs . ",train
negative,the worst most over breaded oysters ever . . . it s a dive to boot . ,train
negative,kind of disappointing pizza,train
negative,"not bad , a little oily . not sure that i like it . might have to try it again . ",train
negative,very inconsistent . ,train
negative,this mcdonald s has the slowest staff i have ever seen . absolutely pathetic ! ,train
negative,this subway has terrible service . the food is just ok and the space is not well kept . ,train
negative,and now the scorpions have arrived . worst place i ve ever lived ! more bugs then i ve ever seen,train
negative,samurai sam s is way better . ,train
negative,i bought a fry daddy at the corningware outlet . that was the highlight of my visit . ,train
negative,good food weak service . ,train
negative,not going to explain . just don t waste your time . ,train
negative,"i also found her rude , unwilling to answer questions . ",train
negative,"this is the greasiest pizza i ve ever had in pittsburgh , i couldn t eat it . ",train
negative,lousy service . food was ok . fries were cold . server never asked about refills for drinks . ,train
negative,worst car buying experience i have ever had . ,train
negative,"out of business , not surprising they have been going down hill for years . ",train
negative,they just wanna get rid of you and charge you . worst great clips ever,train
negative,we went and the service was slow and our food was wrong . i won t go back . ,train
negative,everytime i come here some customer is always running out this store with a unpaid item . ,train
negative,closed nthey re gone . . gone . . gone,train
negative,came for prime rib it is and they are already out of prime . just better management of the place,train
negative,very slow service . food is typical for bk . ,train
negative,poor service . . . . . fish breading hard just luke warm . go somewhere better,train
negative,the human race has jumped the shark . ,train
negative,"nothing stood out , including the famous burnt almond torte . ",train
negative,go early ! traffic backs up on the to university and the parking lot is not fun to negotiate ! ,train
negative,the bread was good . ,train
negative,good was not very good . the venue was so outdated the only good thing were the flour tortillas,train
negative,sorry . . . i d . . . never want to eat here . . . tried txice . . . not good enough for me,train
negative,"the food was good , however , and counting of our are now sick from food poisoning . ",train
negative,service was poor . unfriendly atmosphere . left before we could try food . very disappointed . ,train
negative,"i m sorry , but if you choose qdoba over chipotle , then sit down , son we need to have a talk . ",train
negative, . . . . ,train
negative,been here twice . n nterrible food and terrible service . ,train
negative,"won t go back , local vibe , bad music , slow service",train
negative,the screens are small here compared to other movie theaters,train
negative,"poor service , mediocre food , over priced . go to ihop instead . ",train
negative,"the bacon commercial with non stop fries , only says heart attack ! ! ! ! ! thanks applebee s",train
negative,do not eat here . they changed my tip and charged me for lunch . absolutely ridiculous . ,train
negative,"italian owned , so you d think they could make some authentic dishes . not impressed . ",train
negative,needs better food ! ! ! even oakland upgraded . . . get with it phoenix ! ! ! ,train
negative,sprint salesman are worse then used car sales man . ,train
negative,horrible . ,train
negative,really bad service . make sure to get in the face of the wait staff or count on being ignored,train
negative,one word . yuck ! ,train
negative,they raised all of their prices august st . go to brunswick its worth the money . ,train
negative,ooooohhhh nhaaahaaa wow nno nnope nnever again,train
negative,"horrible beer , horrible service , horrible menu",train
negative,worst italian food i have ever eaten . think chef boyardee at ten times the price . ,train
negative, ? ? ? closed ,train
negative,please tear this place down . ,train
negative,"zorba s burned to the ground march , . ",train
negative,service was terrible . food was late . stars for the food being delish but that s it . ,train
negative,"classy . n nthat is sarcasm . but , it s only restaurant on lake wylie . so there . ",train
negative,rushed and poor quality . ,train
negative,well . . . . it is open hours . ,train
negative,not a kid friendly hotel at all ! ! ! pool the size of a tub heater broken no jacuzzi ! ! ! ,train
negative,good beer selection . service sucks . ,train
negative,it s not that delish . ,train
negative,i only go here for some sweet tea . ,train
negative,this business closed july st ! ! ,train
negative,not pleased with service . very poor customer service . ,train
negative,drinks are good food it gross except tots . i never go there to eat just get drinks . . . ,train
negative,the worst dental office i ever been . no one can beat it ! ! ! you should avoid it at any time . ,train
negative,"staff was real friendly , but the food was just ok . ",train
negative,"eh , i was hungry , nothing else was open at am . ",train
negative,all i can say about fate is yuck n nthat s it . ,train
negative,"the cornbread was the best part of the meal , all the other menu items i tried was sub par . ",train
negative,"i remember it being much better a long , long time ago . ",train
negative,it s closed . ,train
negative,"good food , tiny portions , pricey for the amount you get . ",train
negative,"with prices this cheap , ni expected bland sushi . nbut hey , it s pittsburgh . ",train
negative,hoofah . ,train
negative,say it with me now blaaaaaaaaaand . ,train
negative,was there a shortage of bbq sauce today ? thanks for the non barbecue chopped salad cpk ! ! ! ,train
negative,"cheap and pretty quick . food was average , margaritas alright . ",train
negative,oyster shooters in a plastic cup . looked a little dirty . shooters just tasted like ketchup . ,train
negative,pharmacy they only have person staffing this location . takes more than minutes to fill a rx . ,train
negative,"i used to love going here , but recently every time i call the phone has been disconnected . ",train
negative,"bad service , cold food",train
negative,terrible service . . . terrible food . . . this place smells like rotten wet wood,train
negative,way overpriced for what we got . the room was musty and the food was so so . very disappointed . ,train
negative,worst mcdonalds ! ! ! they took min for one burger bullshit ! ! ! someone needs fired ! ,train
negative,i believe the cost is too expensive not equal to the services i received . that s all . . . ,train
negative,never eating here again . i was sick for days after i eat one of their burgers . ,train
negative,never again,train
negative,stay away ! ! ! ! ! ! the waiters waitresses hate you and your hapiness . ,train
negative,"understaffed , unknowledgeable employees , takes way too long to buy something , ",train
negative,"out of business on april , . ",train
negative,pinnacle at towne center raised rent per month our second year living in the complex . ,train
negative,"mediocre italian food . i had a pizza and it was quite bland . the waiter was nice , though . ",train
negative,the arizona center is to phoenix as the galleria is to scottsdale . can you say white elephant ? ,train
negative,since closed . surprise surprise . ,train
negative,this place never has new stuff,train
negative,this place is ghetto . ,train
negative, closed ,train
negative,it had no taste . ordered many different things and was left unsatisfied . ,train
negative,used to be great ! ! ! i don t know what happened . please bring the old eastwind back ! ! ! ! ,train
negative,they must not associate their name with pizza . ,train
negative,gays may or may not be admitted . depends on the front desk clerk . ,train
negative,worst service i have ever received at a subway . ,train
negative,wow how applebee s has went down hill . only good part of my meal was the celery sticks,train
negative,just go to fry s just a little further eat off baseline and gilbert rd . this place is awful . ,train
negative,nothing too special about this place . just close to where we live . ,train
negative,"not my fav ! weird mixture of sit downy restaurant and bar , with neither being really good . ",train
negative,need more registers open and better customer service this is ridiculous im done shopping here,train
negative,the shaved ice is just a vehicle for artificially flavored sugar . it s not very good . ,train
negative,"sigh . i know i m about to commit champaign urbana blasphemy , but . . . n ni don t get the hype . ",train
negative,didn t have matching bottoms ,train
negative,ive had better . ,train
negative,i swing by because i decorate cakes . the cake decorating section is piss poor . ,train
negative,not the best run dunkin donuts . ,train
negative, stars . only cause the drink prices are good . ,train
negative,taco bell is taco bell . . . ,train
negative,no one cleaned our room . and it reeks like cigerate smoke . will never stay here again ! ! ! ,train
negative,this place is terrible . the meat tasted like asshole . ,train
negative, . for a oz glass of house wine ? ? ? for a oz glass for a pasta dish ? no thanks . . ,train
negative,"food does not taste good . . . has a plastic aftertaste , overpriced . ",train
negative,service excellent . food not so great . ,train
negative,rudest bartender i ve ever had,train
negative,i don t see the big deal about this place ! food it ok . a little over price for what you get ! ,train
negative,why is your gas at the pump still . when everyone else around . ,train
negative,"if you like dudes , this is your mecca ! ",train
negative,"good service , very mediocre food . ordered a carnitas burrito with beans and rice . ",train
negative,closed for year s so should be dropped,train
negative,very disappointing . not traditional chinese food . not worth the money . ,train
negative,don t go here if your hungry ! ,train
negative,poor service in the morning for breakfast . never again,train
negative,not good place,train
negative," cover , no hats , and they steal your id . how is this garbage still in business ? ? ? ",train
negative,"low quality , tasteless hot dog . definitely not worth the drive from east mesa . ",train
negative,stupidest layout of measly broken down pumps . ,train
negative,standard family diner . nothing surprising here . a decent place to stop for breakfast . ,train
negative,slow service nbelow average food nill pass,train
negative,expensive,train
negative,friendly service but food was just ok . maybe an off night . ,train
negative,they are closed now . ,train
negative,overpriced for product received . . . great people . . . terrible work,train
negative,"i like bk , but this one was gross ! ! ! ",train
negative,"extremely poor service ! waiter always making excuses , food not as good as in past ! ",train
negative,waiting minutes to get one piece of wood cut in an empty store on a friday afternoon . priceless ! ,train
negative,not a good experience . at least i got a refund after the issue . ,train
negative,i ate here yesterday and i have food poisoning today . enough said . ,train
negative,pretty bland for chinese take out . ,train
negative,eh not bad . . . but not anything to write home about . ,train
negative,music way too loud . cannot have conversation without almost yelling,train
negative,weirdest nights ever . nwormhole tequila black out . ntoo crowded hot cold . n n b ,train
negative,good for only one visit . very overpriced,train
negative,"not a terrible dining experience , but certainly not an upper tier establishment . ",train
negative,do not go here at all . the people that run this place are not nice to customers at all . ,train
negative,rough start for lunch . waitress with an attitude . ,train
negative,this place . . is ok if ur grabn something quick . . but they do have a great happy hour tho,train
negative," . . . . it s the land of misfit toys . n nthe rooms were clean though , hence stars . ",train
negative,very over priced and not very high quality . ,train
negative,negative stars n nthe worst hours and no f saturdays . wow i guess they do not want business,train
negative,i m sorry to say . . but this store is just nasty ! ! ,train
negative,closed ! ! ! ! ! ,train
negative,my colleague bit into his egg roll to spit out a bolt . no further review necessary see photo . ,train
negative,our bartender didn t know what a pint was or how to pour a beer,train
negative,"not worth the price , much better courses around for the money ! ",train
negative,poorly maintained . bare dirt everywhere . ,train
negative,way too long to get food . food was great just too long to wait . ,train
negative,disgusting and overpriced cheap food . ,train
negative,"they work quickly , but speed isn t worth it if the final product is damaged . ",train
negative,so sad closed . oh well . ,train
negative,this place is closed last year . ,train
negative,too expensive . go to the clears in the wells fargo buiding uptown,train
negative,"dirty , dirty , dirty . . . . . will not be returning . ",train
negative,"not authentic . but again , this is not new york . . . . ",train
negative,gross food horrible parking . ,train
negative,had a pretty good pizza from here,train
negative,don t go in the drive thru if there are more than cars . you will sit there for minutes . ,train
negative,scale of multiple visits n food n service n atmosphere n value,train
negative,oiy . n ngreasy noisy expensive questionable quality rude . ,train
negative,i don t know why i thought it would be good but it s not . ,train
negative,the price is increased but the steak size is reduced . disappointed . ,train
negative,"one other thing the high speed internet is not , not , not ! you re lucky if you get mps . ",train
negative,never been here but this place was on the dirty diner report on the channel news tonight . ,train
negative,the worst tuna sandwich i ever had and the most expensive . ,train
negative,horrible pan pizza . don t waste your time or money,train
negative,closed rip . . . . . . . . . . available sign . . . . . . . . . ,train
negative,great food but it s way too expensive double burger meals with shakes shouldn t be almost . ,train
negative,not the best quality product and unreliable installers . wish i had gone somewhere else . ,train
negative,"my food came out cold , and the server was no where to be found , the drinks were good though . ",train
negative,a,train
negative,"nasty . terrible service , hotel food . save your money or go to via de los santos up the road ! ",train
negative,not always reliable . long wait times . friendly cab drivers . ,train
negative,expect the slowest service you have ever seen . hours for a meal on a sunday night . ,train
negative,i found dr . waring not particularly attentive to my needs as a patient . ,train
negative,yuck ! maybe i just don t like cajun food and fish though ? ! ,train
negative,not really my cup of tea . nothing really wrong just not great,train
negative,i m still getting mailers from this place . nope . i won t go . keep your stinky coupons . boo . ,train
negative,had a friend who went here . really bad experience,train
negative,not the place to be . crowd was dull . music was ok,train
negative,they serve pepsi . got horribly sick about minutes after i finished my meal . ,train
negative,"horrible service , greasy food , orders always incorrect . go elsewhere ! ! ",train
negative,"i had the chicken sub . it was pretty bland , very little flavor . ",train
negative,closed ! ! ! ,train
negative, . for one oz can of tecate beer . ,train
negative,"took an hour for our steak , waitress finally served our steak but never returned to check on us . ",train
negative,i wish we had a way to hold this corporation accountable for its crimes against our society . ,train
negative,"gritty greens , everytime ! . . . need i say more ? ? not what they use to be . ",train
negative,just nasty ! very cluttered and overpriced . ,train
negative,"bad haircut , filthy place . also kind of expensive . nice guys , though . ",train
negative,permanently closed ! ,train
negative,food was at best average . maybe we should have had the burgers . ,train
negative,food is ok for the price . menu never changes though . can get boring . ,train
negative,just the worst . owner was ranting in the back and humiliating his staff . so nasty and so rude . ,train
negative,slow as fudgesicles . ,train
negative,staff sucks ! dislike this store alot . long lines . unhelpful staff ! i prefer oreilys ! ,train
negative,if your looking for a bottom boy this is the place . lots of fem latino dudes here . ,train
negative,"not the best , not quite the worst . pretty cool staff however . ",train
negative,this place is not very good . i quit eating here after the second time i found hair in my food,train
negative,they suck . . dont go there,train
negative,yucky greasy food . ,train
negative,overall experience is very bad . use at your own risk ! ,train
negative,dirty . not well staffed or cleaned . ,train
negative,the sign says closed ,train
negative,"ordered sandwiches w o tomatoes , when we opened them they had tomatoes and the bread wasn t fresh ",train
negative,"very dated , small bathroom , tube tv n nbreakfast was good . ",train
negative,"this was a , but last time i drove by , this was no longer marco polo . . . ",train
negative,jilly s was a crappy bar . it closed . ,train
negative,they close at pm . called at . they said no . ,train
negative,"bummed , the only thing that was truly amazing was the foi",train
negative,"really , the appeal is the view , which is fantastic . the food was ok . the atmosphere was ok . ",train
negative,crappy selection ! ,train
negative,disappointed . . polish already peeling and it s only been a couple of days ,train
negative,it s an iga now . ,train
negative,"went to harper s yesterday to eat , but as soon as i saw the b rating , we left . ",train
negative,service is very slow . took over minutes before our server ever came out,train
negative, ,train
negative,really needs attention from its chef owner . what happened ? ,train
negative,"grade d n nyeah , i order my martinis served on the rocks and in goblets . . . duh . ",train
negative,it was okay . might have to give it one more try . ,train
negative,really disappointed place is not as good as it used to be . ,train
negative,"service was super slow , and it was not a busy night . pizza was not exciting . ",train
negative,not the place you keep going back again and again . pizza sauce too sweet . ,train
negative,went once and never again ! awful service and food mediocre . ,train
negative,closed for business,train
negative,sloooooowwwwwwwww . couldn t believe how long it took to be served below mediocre food . ,train
negative,be prepared to be upset it is gone has been for several years now . ,train
negative,definately don t treat their employees well . two thumbs down ! ,train
negative,nasty just nasty . i have no idea how people could give this more than star . ,train
negative,"meat has decreased in quality over last couple of years . lukes , step up your game . ",train
negative,i like that it s right downtown by my house . n ni dislike that it s mostly vacant . ,train
negative,the lady who runs the office is unpleasant and rude . will not use this garage in the future . ,train
negative,two words soggy pizza . service is the only reason i am giving two stars instead of one . ,train
negative,"average , very average . wouldnt return . ",train
negative,this location is now closed . not that anyone was thinking of going there . . . ,train
negative,very incompetent . would not recommend to any friend or family member . ,train
negative,they over serve . ,train
negative,they don t have enough tvs,train
negative,it s okay . but better gyros are down the street at z s greek . ,train
negative,ok food but most of it is frozen or canned and the ribs gave me the shits . ,train
negative,"it is completely and totally awful . the food is hideous . don t go there , you will thank me . ",train
negative,fast ? ,train
negative,not at all happy ! ,train
negative,"the food was tasty , but the service was tasteless . ",train
negative,didn t know smogs took an hour,train
negative,horrible customer service ! ,train
negative,horrible they use chicken that s been out uncover all day . and they smoke around the food . ,train
negative,los alamos is closed for good . ,train
negative,"for a taco bell , this one is horrible . sounds weird . . . right ? ",train
negative,all they did was try to up sell me . ,train
negative, for two plates of hot mush . my wife and i had belly aches the rest of the day . never again . ,train
negative,looks like they went out of business . ,train
negative,closed,train
negative,close about a year ago ! ,train
negative,disgusted by server who goes by the name of mike and how he served my children ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ,train
negative,it s a hit or miss here depending upon what stuck up college kid you get serving you . ,train
negative,closed . signage down . boarded up tight . phone disconnected . ,train
negative,slow service and messed up orders . i don t know if they didn t expect the crowd they had . . . . ,train
negative,nice place but overprice and very bad,train
negative,very small and crowded compared to other whole foods . selection smaller but still very nice . ,train
negative,had chicken katsu and gyota . every dish was horribly sour tasting . ,train
negative,skip this one . ,train
negative,bad ! ! ! worst chinese food in pittsburgh ! ,train
negative,closed as of ,train
negative,crowded with overpriced food ,train
negative,terrible services . . . you have to reminded them to give you condiments . . ,train
negative,i expected better for the price . ,train
negative,once i stepped off the plane it smelled like puke . wtf ? ,train
negative,"just did carry out . panda express is way better . actually , taco bell is better . ",train
negative,are you kidding me ? ncockroaches ! ! nat least i saw them before my order came to the table . ,train
negative,tried using the online order store pickup with the hopes of increased efficiency . fail . ,train
negative,"excellent place to eat for lunch and dinner , the food is average , the staff is friendly",train
negative,seafood noodle soup had slices of pork . the cilantro garnish wasn t even chopped . ,train
negative,seriously slow tall old man doesn t know how to make drinks . ,train
negative,"over crowded , nothing special",train
negative,"average food , very limited delivery area , and abrupt customer service . very meh . ",train
negative,ray took longer than he said originally and charged us more than we were quoted . ,train
negative,this store just isn t what it used to be . ,train
negative,the fact that bashas is still even in business both astounds and frightens me . ,train
negative,this restaurant is now closed . ,train
negative,this is a starbucks . how sweet and not like coffee do you like your coffee ? ,train
negative,it is so unhealthy and gross ! the chicken there isn t even real . yuck ! ! ! ,train
negative,"the cheapest , most tasteless mexican food i ve ever had . very greasy , nhorrible cheese . ",train
negative,"horrible customer service , i do not recommend ",train
negative,mediocre food . good service . no need to return . ,train
negative,will give you the shits . ,train
negative,went back and it turned out to be delicious ! will def be back ! ! ! ! ,train
negative,just had some about minutes ago . n nno . ,train
negative,"food was mediocre at best , place seems kind of dirty . wouldn t recommend . ",train
negative,not bad food . but not great either . ,train
negative,slowest delivery ever ! not worth it,train
negative,meh ! ! wish the people were nicer,train
negative,"carrie s thinks that old stuff costs more than new stuff , but this is not the case . ",train
negative,mystery theater was cute and funny . food was aweful and very bland . ,train
negative,"food was great , service sucked",train
negative,ordered delivery and waited min only to receive the least appetizing chinese food i ve ever had . ,train
negative,horrible over fried unrecognizable meat in hard batter . rice is reheated . ,train
negative,"very far away from strip , noise of landing airplanes , resort fee , very small pool",train
negative,"jacket sleeves were shortened , stitching came out within a week . nuf said",train
negative,"fajitas with burnt vegetables and a chx quesadilla with of cheese , zero vegetables . i ll pass . ",train
negative,went here for breakfast . . nnot the greatest . . i wouldn t go again . ,train
negative,it s gross . don t waste your money please ! hope this helps you ! ,train
negative,"nick s used to be good with the previous owner , that all changed . which is pretty sad . ",train
negative,did not care for the food at,train
negative,this place does not even deserve one star . the place was dirty and the service stunk . ,train
negative,waited mins for service then left . ,train
negative,just easy reading nothing special paperbacks only,train
negative,"um , let s just say you do get your clothes returned in plastic wrap . . . that s about it . ",train
negative,their side dishes have very little flavor . ,train
negative,food just ok . health inspection was a b . doesn t look clean . makes you wonder ! ,train
negative,not good food is below average . . i will never go back,train
negative,"thank you , melissa for refunding all my money . ",train
negative,ok,train
negative,"over priced , poor service , poor quality . this is a tourist trap and not worth your time . ",train
negative,"overpriced , very slow service , food was decent . ",train
negative,worst pedicure i ve ever had ever . ,train
negative,decent place and people but a little run down . ,train
negative,costcos better,train
negative,ordered flatiron steak first time charred to a crisp . . sent back came back raw in the center,train
negative,happy hour services sucks ! been here two hours and yet to see a waitress at our table top ,train
negative,b b appliances don t do any any business with these idiots ! ! ! ! ,train
negative,"food is just okay , but it is to expensive for what you get . ",train
negative,a dirty li . ttle hole . had a roach crawl on my hand . joyce the bartender just laughed,train
negative,too pricey for the quality . ,train
negative,this needs no explanation . ,train
negative,this is a sushi bar whose house specialty is turkey salad . n nneed we say more ? ,train
negative,"service at bakery checkout is terrible , very rude and slow service . ",train
negative,after sitting there and being ignored for minutes we just left ! ,train
negative,"the rooms are very so so and the hospitality was non existent , i will not be going back ! , ",train
negative,todays paper says they got a failing health dept . inspection . ,train
negative,portions are huge but not high quality . atmosphere is very dated . spicy wings are too spicy . ,train
negative,very unhelpful . the staff did not even attempt to address my needs . ,train
negative, note the west bell rd location has been closed for some time now ,train
negative,it s crappy . ,train
negative,i do not recommend the salon ! ,train
negative, service charge to start for hot tub repair . that s just the service call . well see how they do ,train
negative,gone to hell in a waste basket . slam are up coffee is bucks n slams and coffees over ,train
negative,very small . only took five minutes to tour . nice bathrooms . admission,train
negative,"too institutional . out of a can , bag , box , or freezer . parking is very limited . not a fan . ",train
negative,a neighborhood joint that s closed on sundays during football season ? ? ? ,train
negative,if you like chewing your prime beef for minutes and substandard service then hop on in . ,train
negative,overpriced . . . not all that good . ,train
negative,"the place is closed , and out of business . ",train
negative,appearance is best nthe drinks and food don t live up nto expectations . n n n b ,train
negative,disappointing . overly salted entree as well as very salty side of roasted mushrooms . ,train
negative,no bueno on the green corn tamales and the service was terrible for lunch . ,train
negative,service is waaaaay to slow and there is no drink refills . i dont think i will be coming back,train
negative,this shop is closed . don t bother the nice man that now has the number ,train
negative,it s an airport . it is not near the top of my favorites . ,train
negative,ice cream was soft and not creamy like it used to be . way over priced,train
negative,not good at all i got a grilled chicken burrito the chicken was so much fat i will not go back,train
negative,they wouldn t honor pet co s online sale prices . that s the first time i ve heard about this . ,train
negative, charlotte and ready for boarding ! ! ,train
negative,this place is only good for picking up dumb underage girls . not worth it . ,train
negative,the grand canyon is a wonderful place . but it gets boring fast . ,train
negative,panda express sounds good . i only gave them stars because it was dirt cheap . ,train
negative,closed . ,train
negative,i got food poisoning here . ,train
negative,prices are often way too high ! ,train
negative,do you remember how pancho s used to taste ? keep that memory and don t go again . ,train
negative,don t waste your time . . . arrowhead mall on the other side of town is so much better ! ,train
negative,american all the way,train
negative,"awful , food was not good , people with me got sick and will not go there again . ",train
negative,"well , the delivery was fast at least . everything else was yucky . avoid ! ",train
negative,"worst hot dog place . . dogs were tasteless , service was a joke . place is a dump . ",train
negative,"overpriced , undercooked",train
negative,well i guess that groupon isn t worth the paper it s written on . good luck with that ! ! ,train
negative,no brown rice . almost no vegetarian options . ,train
negative,they are closed down,train
negative,"if you genuinely like any denny s , you should probably stop visiting reviewing yelp . ",train
negative,poor management,train
negative,this place is closed,train
negative,"it is a nice store , but not enough employees to service the busy times . ",train
negative,"cheap stuff , not so great selection for tall people . long lines to check out . snotty staff . ",train
negative,would not recommend this resort . service is awful . ,train
negative,bouncers need to learn they are there to help patrons . ,train
negative,terrible service . mediocre teppanyaki for a plate . . . . i d rather eat panda express . ,train
negative,"poor service , noisy , but pretty good food . ",train
negative,crappy food and crappy service,train
negative,yucky i didn t think the food was very tasteful and it was overpriced . ,train
negative,had dinner here last night . it s was ok . not what i expected . semi cafeteria type service . ,train
negative,"not clean , room sure could use a coat of paint and updating . ",val
negative,"decent ipa , i prefer four peaks . slow service . food is overpriced . ",val
negative,"they raise their prices a lot at a time , you can get better buy s on vitamins else where . ",val
negative,don t even bother . this place is a ghost town with less than bright servers . ,val
negative, closed n nthis one has closed we re just as well off without it . ,val
negative,i try to never eat here . the food is bland and overpriced . ,val
negative, minutes to make fish tacos and they screwed up the order . never again . ,val
negative,"this is a crappy , dark theater that leaks water when it rains . do not go ! ",val
negative,only thing i ve tasted so far that was palatable is the wonton soup . ,val
negative,this place has never gotten our order right . not once . lame . ,val
negative,eh . ,val
negative,"horrible , rude service . minute wait for fast food ? ! ? ! ",val
negative,overcrowded market . nothing worth a crap . overpriced with no real selection . ndirty as well . ,val
negative,the service is super slow ! we ve been waiting for our food for an hour ! still waiting . . . ,val
negative,don t go . i got more problems and sounds on my car after i spent there . unbelievable ! ,val
negative,wow . what a bunch of stoners . ,val
negative,"nothing has changed , same boring food and same nonsense in the store area . ",val
negative,meh . it s okay when you want something quick . not overly impressed . fried rice is good . ,val
negative,they ve moved . . . thanks for the heads up ? ? ? ,val
negative,had the worst italian food ever . . . . . . . ,val
negative,meh . i ve experienced better . ,val
negative,this pizza was the worst food i have ever eaten . ,val
negative,bland odd tasting mexican food for white people . meh . ,val
negative,disappointed every time i ve gone . . . won t be trying it anymore ! ! ,val
negative,really ? not very coupon friendly . moved to cvs . ,val
negative,rude service and mediocre food ! ,val
negative,this place is now closed . i hope something good goes in here ! ! hey how about trader joe s ! ! ,val
negative,"what a disappointment , don t waste your time and money and the gas to get there . . . . ",val
negative,drive a little further and find something better . ,val
negative,"good food , horrible service . nyou can get both in other places . . . ",val
negative,horrible ! ! ,val
negative,"terrible . ugly d u e cor , bad food , poor service . ",val
negative,the food isnt hot . how can they prevent bacteria from growing . t he inside smelled terrible,val
negative,"this place is no longer in business , but the building is occupied by the restaurant the place ",val
negative,this place is so so . ok food . ok atmosphere . just a decent restaurant in buckeye . ,val
negative,slowest . starbucks . ever ! it s faster to drive a little bit further out to get better service . ,val
negative,this might be the worst food i have ever eaten . nat least i didn t get sick . ,val
negative,"it was a pass through . when i stopped by , it was pretty crowded and there was a dearth of outlets",val
negative,worst pharmacy service ever ! messed up my prescription several times this year already . ,val
negative,"scenery nice , food meh . ",val
negative,bad bad service . and with attitude . everytime i give it another try i regret it . ,val
negative,not worth the time or your money ! ,val
negative,soggy food,val
negative,"flies everywhere , place is dirty and food not cooked well . ",val
negative,place is very clean banana republic is the only store i really go to here . ,val
negative,pros cons nawesome staff . breakfast nclean rooms . no fridge n no microwave n no coffee,val
negative,the chicken wings gave me food poisoning . will avoid in the future . ,val
negative,first time i have ever seen a roach crawl across the table as dinner was being eaten . ,val
negative,this is the place to go for warm beer okay food with nice view . plus the service is terrible ! ,val
negative,wasted my time going there at pm friday night when their website said they closed at pm . ,val
negative,worst sushi i ve ever had piles of rice and imitation crab meat is all i can recall . ,val
negative,"fast , friendly , but flavorless . beef and broccoli was tender but had the flavor of water",val
negative,i really don t know what the hype is about . i was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant . ,val
negative,don t waste your time at this store . ,val
negative,there were zero other people here aside from my friend and i . ,val
negative,cold food . don t waste your time or money . ,val
negative,do not use this company as the owner does not stand behind his word ! ,val
negative,has this place closed ? went looking for it yesterday and i did not find it . anyone know ? ,val
negative,the bastard child of two sexy culvers . ,val
negative,this place is comparable to buca di beppo . n ndefinitely for the masses . ,val
negative,just grabbed a quick snack . the banana was good . otherwise far from my favorite bakery,val
negative,great,val
negative,it s a bit rough here to say the least ! ,val
negative,defiantly not the best mexican food . pollo rico was dry . chips and salsa tasted like pace . ,val
negative,blueberry pancakes were very bland . no flavor at all . excellent service however . ,val
negative,awful place with deceptive business practices . please see my review below . ,val
negative,one star for the massive headache i got after i ate the food . . . msg ? not sure . ,val
negative,have you heard the . story of the crooked cleaner ? ? ,val
negative,salad had wilted lettuce . sanitation grade . . don t recommend . ,val
negative,in my ongoing search for great chinese food in phoenix this place is a speed bump,val
negative,i got sick eating this food . . dont eat here . . my wifes co workers had the same experience,val
negative,made us sick . ,val
negative,ewwww,val
negative,this place has cockroaches . npeople throw up in the booths . npretty good white russian . n n b ,val
negative,outdated . dirty . bad food . ,val
negative,not good chinese food . ,val
negative,"returned to pittsburgh , ate at primanti a nd time n ni stand by my decision pass . ",val
negative,nice ambiance but pasta was dry and cold,val
negative,"awful , service awful and food is gross . seafood is not fresh at all . ",val
negative,"ok pizza , rude staff . not a fan and won t return ! ",val
negative, . stars hours for a detail and no wi fi ,val
negative,its wal mart,val
negative,this place is as bland as they get . the food was mediocre and the atmosphere was too . ,val
negative,"gainey has lost its luster . after many years of membership , i was sorry to see this happen . ",val
negative,"tried to go , they were closed an hour early with employees outside drinking . not impressed . ",val
negative,"totally boring , i am glad my trip there was free . ",val
negative,business has now closed . ,val
negative,meh . ,val
negative,chips and salsa are my favorite here . food and service are just ok ! ,val
negative,customer service was horrible . they lost a sale because the guy behind the counter was a dick . ,val
negative,good location but seriously how much would it cost to put cushions in the armrests . . . ,val
negative,"i thought the whole point of taco bell is its open late . not pm , or a few minutes before . boo",val
negative,rude uninformed staff . sales girl did not know what an insurance appraisal was . ,val
negative,"great food , but maybe they didn t have enough staff to accommodate the amount of guests . ",val
negative,becareful of this place ,val
negative,a place gordon ramsay should visit . ,val
negative,horrible . don t go to this location . they don t follow the parent company s lead . ,val
negative,"unprofessional , rude , and like to argue . no thanks ! ",val
negative,it was a dump . there was no one around to help . and half the machines were down . ,val
negative,"drove by , they are closed ",val
negative,meh . . . it was ok hot yoga . hard to find . ,val
negative,omg ! avoid this place at all cost ! ,val
negative,i found them to be very unprofessional . i will not use them ever again . ,val
negative,"this place is closed , and for good reason . ",val
negative,"bad customer service , my bar tender is still washing dishes when my friends is ready to pay . ",val
negative,"horrible showers , but nice folks . ",val
negative,this location does not even compare to the chandler location . ,val
negative,bad food . bug problem . in a neighborhood full of homeless roaming the streets like zombies . ,val
negative,very poor service . unremarkable at best . ,val
negative,overpriced for what you get . ,val
negative,"bad , bad , bad . the chow mein was edible and that is literally the nicest thing i can say . ",val
negative,this place sucks worst place in town,val
negative,dangerously dirty ! ,val
negative,meth . ,val
negative,no one bothered helping us ,val
negative,ridiculous . had to wait minutes for a latte with people working there . avoid at all costs . ,val
negative,"don t come here from nyc looking for a good bagel and lox , stick w the ice cream . ",val
negative,this place is not good . do not eat here ! it s the worst place ever ! ,val
negative,"edible , but nothing to write home about . had a taco salad , pretty generic , not much flavor",val
negative,disgusting . . . dnt waist your time or money . ,val
negative,the food was ok . but the service we had a lot to be desired . i don t plan on going back . ,val
negative,also went here and there phos free is and everywhere else is . . wayyyy overpriced,val
negative,trash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,val
negative,the price was way too high for an average car wash at for the basic wash . ,val
negative,"awful , owner is not nice , refuses to help , service and coffee drinks are awful . ",val
negative,is there a such thing as a nice or clean walmart ? n nnot yet,val
negative,"unbelievable , these people are minutes late and i am their rd patient of the day ! ! really ? ! ",val
negative,"rude staff , run down interior , not the safest place in town . ",val
negative,the only thing worse than the food is the service . ,val
negative,crappy service . ,val
negative,cheap but that s it . buses do not run as frequent as other lots,val
negative,pharmacy is entirely too slow . this is a busy place . either need faster workers or more of them,val
negative,the prices are higher then most gun stores . also the gunsmith is rude . ,val
negative,"hooters at sunset station is closed , gone , no more",val
negative,do not use these people . ,val
negative,this location is closed . ,val
negative,"the spaghetti and meatballs was okay , not great , certainly not worth the minute wait . ",val
negative,my quilt has the strongest chemicaly perfumey scent to it . will update if they fix this . ,val
negative,got sick from here . . . my food came out in about seconds . i should have known . ,val
negative,the food was amazing . . . nthe service was mediocre . nthe hostess ruined our entire experience . ,val
negative,"don t bother calling in your to go order ahead , they won t have it when you get there . ",val
negative,"pei wei , you give pad thai a bad name . ",val
negative,so far agree with the customer service . these guys should go find another job . ,val
negative,gourmet burgers ? ! ? ! i think not . in n out makes a better burger and is half the price . ,val
negative,just okay food . i can make better food at home for cheaper . ,val
negative,slow service small portions and mediocre food,val
negative,be sure to really check your order before leaving the drive thru . always mess up my order . ,val
negative,lol watch food inc then try to eat here ok ? lmfao ,val
negative,very rude ! ,val
negative,opens at am . doors still locked at am . no way to run a business . ,val
negative,this airport needs a train like atlanta . ,val
negative,another help wanted sign and closed memorial day . ahhh,val
negative,"went here for a routine check up and wasn t impressed with the service , facility or prices . ",val
negative,"you get what you pay for . well , i got what they paid for . ",val
negative,out of business,val
negative,just ok . ndont feel the need to go back . ,val
negative,"out of my price range , but displayed glass items could use a cleaning and or dusting",test
negative,my checkout attendent danielle was rude unhelpful . the engraving machine is cool though . ,test
negative,nothing special . my braised meat was dry and my husbands pasta was bland . ,test
negative,overpriced . for a used tire when you can buy a new one for ? no warranty either . ,test
negative,buyer beware ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ,test
negative,hair cut and price for yorkies poor and it stunk smelled bad,test
negative,the service was horrible and the slowest i ve ever experienced . i won t be back . ,test
negative,not impressed . the service was below average . food ok . atmosphere very nice . ,test
negative,worse than cans . and that s saying something ! ,test
negative,service is slow server needs lesson,test
negative,i m not a fan . pretty average burrito . ,test
negative,"ok mexican food , but the best chili relleno w cheese ! ",test
negative,just another mediocre chain restaurant . . ,test
negative,"awful , food is bad and there is nogood service . ",test
negative," bad steaks at one table , side s were meh . ",test
negative,my coffee was weak . much better coffee at other nearby places . ,test
negative,an international hub airport with that regional airport feel . take from that what you will . ,test
negative,tried the shrimp fried rice . i think it s safe to say i m never going back . ,test
negative,dirty,test
negative,business is closed . signs at front indicate its for sale phone is disconnected,test
negative,reuben sandwich was a joke . guy was friendly . ,test
negative,kids love it . long wait at times though very frustrating . adding a machine may help . ,test
negative,"is is awful customer service , and the people do not wear gloves . n ndo not go there . ",test
negative,ehhh i don t really like this place . ,test
negative,no good,test
negative,"rated best family restaurant chains . fine , two reasons to hate it . ",test
negative,slooooow service in deli . cashiers surly . prices high . selection limited,test
negative,horrible wait . horrible service . first and last time will ever patronize . ,test
negative,employees too concerned with chatting behind the counter other than offering to help you . ,test
negative,i liked the atmosphere but the food was way too salty . just didn t care for it . ,test
negative,went here on a weekday night . i didn t like it and i probably won t be back . ,test
negative,the food is actually pretty decent but the customer server is nil,test
negative,the owner stole a bracelet brought in for repairs and has lied over and over about returning it . ,test
negative,z s is better and cheaper,test
negative,lobster was not fully cooked . eewweee,test
negative,no flavor in their food . the service was great but the food was disappointing . ,test
negative,our spaghetti was fresh ! what a hoax ! ,test
negative,it you re basic bar food . nothing more . ,test
negative,me no likely . dirty bathrooms,test
negative,no way . a ton of cold shredded cheese thrown on top of pizza ? no no no . no beer either . ,test
negative,far away from real chinese food . doesn t even taste good as american style chinese food . ,test
negative,"crowded on a saturday . no parking , a little dirty . not going back",test
negative,take your elementary aged children for a short day trip . ,test
negative,average food . the waitress was pretty rude and gave us problems with the groupon we had . ,test
negative,this hotel sucks . . . pm they kick the guests out party poopers,test
negative,alright seafood . nothing great and way overpriced . ,test
negative,"way overpriced for what you get . cheap ingredients , bland food . ",test
negative,food ok . n nservice what service ? ? ,test
negative,"awful , got a beef taquito , and it did not look like beef and had a funny taste and smell . ",test
negative,well . a little too pricey for salad . ,test
negative,below average bagels . eggs had no taste . fast service . ,test
negative,"very mediocre . salsa is spicy , but no fajitas , sauce covered sloppiness . not coming back . ",test
negative,no longer in business or at least at fiesta mall and phone number has been disconnected,test
negative,completely worthless wifi . ,test
negative,nice on the inside but employees and other customers are not pleasant . recommend staying away . ,test
negative,deleted,test
negative,not here . just an italian bakery,test
negative,garbage garbage garbage . . . . . worst service in america i do not recommend for any one . . . . ,test
negative,"crazy long lines , walked out as soon as i walked in . maybe i just caught them on a bad day . . . ",test
negative,horrible service to the extent that i had to come on and write about a mcdonalds . . . lol,test
negative,wife and daughter ate here and got food poisoning . they had the shrimp lo mein . beware ! ,test
negative,went for lunch had the fish fry . really bad over cooked just bad . will not ever go back,test
negative,"not the newest or greatest or cheapest . but if your in the mood for roller skating , it s there . ",test
negative,"pee . this place smells like it . the nd star is for gina , because she s good . ",test
negative,i can t even afford the milk here . ,test
negative,service is fine . quality of food has fallen significantly,test
negative,too expensive for a haircut . shoe shine ? i am wearing flip flops . everyone wanted tips . ,test
negative,the quality of food has gone down . very greasy . ,test
negative,i had to stop here just to pee and would never go in there again way to smokey . ,test
negative,doesn t have a playplace for kids . very dissapointed . ,test
negative,terrible manager with terrible service and client interaction ! ,test
negative, closed . . . . closed ,test
negative,"tempura , service , and beer special good . . . quality of product bad ! ! ! not worth the value . ",test
negative,"very slow service , over minutes to check out . lady did not know what she s doing . ",test
negative,the staff was incredibly nice but my nails looked so bad ! ,test
negative,"if you re looking for a nice night out , keep looking . . . ",test
negative,weird airport setup . not really a fan . ,test
negative,"again , out of creamer for the coffee . ",test
negative,"completely filthy , false advertising , unfriendly staff , outrageous pricing . . . . never again",test
negative,"overpriced . i ordered steak . nothing to write home about . better , cheaper choices abound . ",test
negative,would have tried it if they didn t only accept cash as payment . ,test
negative,there was a wendys . thats it in my terminal worth mentioning . bathroom doors don t lock . ,test
negative,"over priced food , poor customer service . nowner is very rude inconsiderate ! ! ",test
negative,"awful , snotty service . ",test
negative,not too much to love or hate about this place . traditional mexican fare for the masses . ,test
negative,in need of updating . very . ,test
negative,"charged for a instead of a . price difference . . i receive . back . thank you , unhappy manager . ",test
negative,this club is now officially closed for good due to redevelopment in the area . ,test
negative,not a fan of this location . the food was subpar each time i ve been . ,test
negative,rude . ghetto . dirty . n nstay away . ,test
negative,"mediocre at best . nothing was outstanding for the prices , i had much higher expectations . ",test
negative,not tasty at all . ,test
negative,the food was okay . the noise level with people in a huge room deafening . awful acoustics ! ,test
negative,use to be a max and erma s and if that bar wasn t low enough it now misses the mark,test
negative,worst sandwich on earth . ni d rather eat a dead whore . nplease . . . never come here . ,test
negative,rude employees . don t expect much help . slowest check outs ever . ,test
negative,what s with long lines to get breakfast ! very disappointing . ,test
negative,group of girls celebrating a birthday were being way loud and ruined the movie for everyone ,test
negative,it was the blandest fried rice i d ever eaten . . . and it cost me ten bucks . ,test
negative,not really for females under . ,test
negative,poor service they told me the wrong date to come in . ,test
negative,"good for a breakfast with little kids , but otherwise not worth going to . ",test
negative,they get my order wrong every time,test
negative,it used to be really good but not anymore . sorry guys ! ,test
negative,they only deliver through wheeldeliver . com,test
negative,"a sub , chips , and a soda for . . ready ? what a rip off ! ",test
negative,"two stars for the sandwiches , negative three stars for them never answering their phone . ",test
negative,somewhat slow service and the food was only so so . ,test
negative,manny from modern family was here,test
negative,went on their website and requested a callback days ago . still waiting for them to call . ,test
negative,this location is no longer open . ,test
negative,not a fan of americanized pho . ,test
negative,"the guy is rude ! if i didn t have to do one time business with him , i would of walked out . ",test
negative,terrible place to get service if you are a young single female . ,test
negative,not crazy about this place . ,test
negative, stars for a nice staff . . . but the place is in need of a major cleaning and upgrade . ,test
negative,overhyped . i ve had better burgers almost everywhere . ,test
negative,luggage took forever to get . must have been standing there for at least minutes . doh ! ,test
negative,found a cockroach in the bathroom . . . . i just left . ,test
negative,way overpriced . basically resells items at an insane markup . not a true butcher either . ,test
negative,the service here blows . that is all ! ,test
negative,found a bug in my rice . . . ,test
negative,i want to delete my review but i can t . please delete,test
negative,"not very impressed , food was just ok . way over priced . ",test
negative,"when people say , the cheesecake factory , what i hear is the diarrhea refinery . ",test
negative,uninspired and blend pizza ! ,test
negative,do not go here if you are looking for a nice star place . not very clean and very loud ! ,test
negative,terrible service . ,test
negative,great location in the old hungry fisherman restaurant on the water on lake wylie . lousy food . ,test
negative,just had the worst tasting greasy cheesburger i have ever had . served with about french fries . ,test
negative,"passed by and it is closed ! signage is off , fence surrounding it . done . ",test
negative,stick with sandwiches . everything else is so so . ,test
negative,"the food sucked , the service was awful and the managers were incompetent . ",test
negative,terrible . ,test
negative,i hate shopping at walmart but it s one of the few places i can afford . ,test
negative,ok food . . . nothing great . . . many better thai restaurants in pittsburgh ! ,test
negative,this location is now closed . ,test
negative,"i wouldn t trust or recommend eunique rodgers , at all ! ",test
negative,"the casher handled money and made my order without washing her hands , yuck ! ! ",test
negative,i just don t get it . the food is terrible and way overpriced . ,test
negative,rib tips didnt have taste,test
negative,this location of verizon gave me the customer service experience equivalent of a car wreck . ,test
negative,horrible service every time . ,test
negative,no breakfast out of nowhere . closest wendys for breakfast is th and thunderbird,test
negative,not very pleased nd time around won t return . ,test
negative,my wife got food poisoning from here . avoid at all costs . . . . . ,test
negative,two words . dirty and nasty . better off driving miles to the steele creek mcdonalds ! ,test
negative,"avis has tenants in the parking lot to give you a receipt , hertz does not . ",test
negative,fyi . chili s still sucks . ,test
negative,"pricey , pricey pricey and it isnt that good ! ",test
negative,"food sucks , service sucks , and the atmosphere sucks . wish yelp allowed negative stars . ",test
negative,"what you expect out of a hour diner . food can be pretty good , service can be pretty bad . ",test
negative,i appreciate your collection . nbut its too expensive . ,test
negative,my previous review was for carle hospital . not sure how it showed up here . please fix . ,test
negative,this review is based,test
negative,i have had better . ,test
negative,the only reason we went here was to use a gift card . . . . just as disgusting as i remember . ,test
negative,"they suked so bad they flopped . . nanother one bites the dust . . na , b , ",test
negative,ugh ! walmart . i wish the staff here cared more . ,test
negative,wife drags me here i could do with out for sure,test
negative,"sadly , they are now closed . ",test
negative,"a friend steered me here for the horchata , but you know what ? it just wasn t very good . ",test
negative,great if you want to spend to see lots and lots and lots of cactus . ,test
negative,dump the new speakers too much bass and very irratating . ,test
positive,always a great time and great food . love this place ! ,train
positive,the thai steak salad is delicious . ask for the grilled artichoke appetizer . yumm ! ,train
positive,"no water and that was really what i was looking for . still , overall , good location . ",train
positive,"cool place , great vibe , yummy cubano sandwich . ",train
positive,great service and atmosphere . the food is good comfort food for the soul . ,train
positive,best pho in town ! they also have tons of other yummy specialites ! ,train
positive,great place for both individual and group workouts . ,train
positive,love this place ! i walked around to kill time just to get the fresh baos ! yum ! ,train
positive,you can never go wrong with chompies ! everything on the menu is amazing ! ,train
positive,"i ve had pizza in every major city in the usa and this is hands down , the best , anywhere ! ",train
positive,the best haircut i ve had since i left the east coast . ,train
positive,large facility . nicely lit . ,train
positive,always been good ! had a choc ice cream double dipped in cherry ! ,train
positive,session key,train
positive,surprisingly good bar food . good sandwiches and bag of chips . cheap beer . ,train
positive,great food great wine i would recommend we had kids went early everything was splendid,train
positive,get some wings ! ,train
positive,"great flavor , nice ambiance , and delightful evening . ",train
positive,"had a buy get free sandwich coupon , tried the famous star . it was freaking delicious . ",train
positive,"good food , great service eat their often both lunch and dinner . never disappointed . ",train
positive,good subs and cheesesteaks . slammed at lunch . clean . plentiful parking . ,train
positive,"if you want a cozy dive bar , this is it . ask for the mystery shot and go for it ! ",train
positive,fresh great tasting sushi . ,train
positive,"knowledgeable , patient , eminently reasonable in all respects . what more could one ask for ? ",train
positive,very relaxing . hallways are dirty . awesome pools,train
positive,"best country bar in arizona ! ! ! great live band , good service and amazing food ! ! ! ",train
positive,local joint . great prices . excellent service . had a great time for superbowl here . ,train
positive,cheap and delicious ! can t beat that . ,train
positive,"crowded bar atmosphere , spectacular beer selection , good bar food . great hot dogs . ",train
positive,"fast friendly service , eli was great ! ",train
positive,the ra in kierland has one of my favorite patios in az . awesome happy hour . ,train
positive,nice little airport . can t wait to fly in and out of here on my g one day . hopefully ! ,train
positive,yummy food ! ! ! ! i would def go back ! ! ! ! ,train
positive,perfect each time i go and going for mt bday over many others,train
positive,"very delicious and good service . byob , which is a dream . love this place . ",train
positive,tim mendell does a terrific job . great guy . glad i found this place . ,train
positive,"love it ! great food , prices , and service ! ! would recommend for dinein or takeout . ",train
positive,ronald s donuts are amazing but buyer be warned they only take cash . but soooo worth it ! ,train
positive,food was above average but i will definately come back for the great pico de gallo salsa ! ,train
positive,"food was really good , drinks were absolutely perfect . service was good . ",train
positive,red fez room open for lunch again ! only open wednesdays but good food and not crowded ! ,train
positive,romantic and great food,train
positive,pho tai was great ! spring roll was average . thai tea was good . service was fast and efficient . ,train
positive,great car wash with good prices ! plus you can get a shoe shine while you wait ! ,train
positive,"steven gave me a new set the other day , they came out great i will return . ",train
positive,drinks ndecor . nambiance nservice . nvalue ,train
positive,amazing place ! ,train
positive,always fun to shop here . great selection . ,train
positive,your one stop shop for americanized chinese takeout . . . . ,train
positive,love this airport ! quick and easy ! ,train
positive,tasty ! staff was friendly and helpful . . . love to stop by when in the area . we ordered a combo,train
positive,best fried chicken in charlotte . ,train
positive,"just awesome . . . . vegetarian plate is great , cheap and healthy",train
positive,drove up from cali again and of corse we made a trip to nellos . five stars all the way . ,train
positive,my favorite item is the asian chicken salad ! ,train
positive,"small , but had the basics with good quality",train
positive,cool funky stuff for a small chunk of change . bought a buffet to transform for less than . ,train
positive,can t complain ! definitely a nice place to drink while you wait for your table next door . ,train
positive,best ribs in town ! ! ! and i ve tried them all ! i love their thursday special ! ,train
positive,very efficient store,train
positive,"great burgers and beer . love the atmospher to just hang out with friends , ",train
positive,my son and i got are haircuts from efren . we like going here and efren is great . ,train
positive,awesome personalities ! ,train
positive,great local spot . ,train
positive,best foid gras and food presentation . desserts were awesome . ,train
positive,this is one of my favorite grocery stores ! the produce prices are phenomenal and fresh ! ,train
positive,always have a great time here . . attentive staff . good drinks and fun . nothing else is necessary,train
positive,best sushi in phoenix,train
positive,consistently good food and service . ,train
positive,calzone and appetizers were yummy,train
positive,get the pan fry . . . . the combo pan fry ! ! ! ! it is worth the wait trust me . . . . ,train
positive,good burger interesting menu set up so you can build you own . ,train
positive,great little place just across the border . food is always great as well as service . ,train
positive,the best . love the furniture and the helpful salesperson . very knowledgable . ,train
positive,honest mechanic shop with great labor rates . i had the best experience . ,train
positive,the best chili cheese dogs ever grew up on them in cali now here in az still awesome oove them,train
positive,"i just got off the phone with a gentleman named frank , awesome customer service . thank you ! ",train
positive,make sure you try their baja sauce ! delicious . ,train
positive,combinacion ! nthis place is the shit for real . nwhere s the patron at ? ? ? n n b ,train
positive,great place ! ,train
positive,by far the best breakfast in town . they also make wonderful smoothies . ,train
positive,lunch specials rock ! by far the best asian food in the area ! ,train
positive,a local favorite . ,train
positive,"finally , a hot bagels by us up here on happy valley . tasty tasty indeed ! ",train
positive,food here is awesome ! ! ! ! ! what i recommend is the mole enchiladas ! ! ! ! yum,train
positive,excellent service and great food ! ,train
positive,"yellowtail , salmon handroll with avocado , salmon nigiri and rainbow roll , all excellent ! ",train
positive,good mexican fix when i m looking for a quick note at a fair price . love the shrimp tacos ! ! ,train
positive,best donuts around ! ,train
positive,"great product , excellent service , great installation . i would highly recommend this company ! ",train
positive,love the arizona ballet and their school of ballet . ,train
positive,follow your heart is back yay ! ! and always great communication from the owner thanks ! ,train
positive,food is always consistent . staff always friendly . ,train
positive,great sandwich shop . pastrami deluxe is my favorite . ,train
positive,i recommend the short rib ravioli ! totally the best thing i ve had in a long time . ,train
positive,this place is old but the food was awesome . the service was ok . ,train
positive,"great for pho ! favorite place to go to after work at am , fast service great food . can t complain",train
positive,love the chicken fried steak . ,train
positive,extremely nice and helpful ! ,train
positive,amyann is the best rep ! give her a ring for your marketing needs with ktar,train
positive,love this starbucks ! the ladies are so nice and sweet and are a great start to my day ! ,train
positive,"love the food here . consistently good , and very friendly service . ",train
positive,crispy chicken a must ! ! ! ! ,train
positive,"my neighborhood spot ! great happy hour , service and vibe any day of the week . ",train
positive,such often customers the self checkout guy knows us ,train
positive,the deluxe pedicure is fantastic ! ,train
positive,best donuts in town the solares family and crew are awesome . worth standing in line for ! ,train
positive,best grocery store in vegas ! ,train
positive,clean store and they now carry produce,train
positive,have used several times . very reliable and trustworthy business ! ,train
positive,pupusas were yummy . ,train
positive,"quick and simple , we re fans for sure . staff is always friendly service is quick ! ",train
positive,great hangover pho if you ask me ! ,train
positive,food phenomenal ! service can be hit or miss . ,train
positive,wings were tasty ! pizza sauce had great flavor ! worth trying . ,train
positive,great prices and fresh food . . . ,train
positive,this is a great airport . easy to navigate and plenty of bars . ,train
positive,"hiro sushi is an unbelievable hidden gem , family owned and operated , top notch sushi quality ! ",train
positive,amazing hawaiian food,train
positive,clean fast and the dr is great . highly recommend . ,train
positive,when over the phone help is not enough . ,train
positive,pricey for portion size . . . but extremely good food service,train
positive,double decker grilled cheese lots of kitsch n ndon t let the singers get too close,train
positive,"dr boyd is a caring doctor , who takes time with each patient . great office staff also ! ",train
positive,never had a bad time here . this is my first review,train
positive,good breakfast . ,train
positive,friendly and conveniently located . love the grilled chicken pita ! never a bad lunch . ,train
positive,"the have not groomed cats for a while now , time to update the name . ",train
positive,omg this place is soooo good i will defiantly be back joe is awesome so kind and kid friendly,train
positive,so good,train
positive,its cuban and fun . where else are you going to get cuban food ? ,train
positive,best wings around and the pizza is awesome,train
positive,"i really enjoy the hot and gold wings , a must have at mcmashers . ",train
positive,great store but lack of certain items,train
positive,"well is ace hardware , i love them all . i got to say this one is one of the good once . nice job",train
positive, great food and service . would be good to have a kids menus to make it stars . ,train
positive,great service and yummilicious ice cream ! ! ! stars in my book,train
positive,"great pizza and friendly service . the place is plenty big , so it doesn t get too loud . ",train
positive,"this is where we get our scripts filled , fast friendly service ! ! ! ",train
positive,"feels just like the other paradise bakeries i ve been to . nice , clean , food tastes the same . ",train
positive,get your rx s filled here for . ,train
positive,very clean olive garden . great service very friendly,train
positive,ruby tuesday is the shit . great food . great servers pretzel burgers are to die for ! ,train
positive,heaven ! that is all i have to say ! ,train
positive,as good as it gets for fast food and you can have it however you like . breakfast is good also . ,train
positive,"great food , great staff and i can bring my dog . ",train
positive,"great place and food , the staff and owners are wonderful . ",train
positive,this safeway has the most amazing flower section ! thank you for being my one stop shop ! ,train
positive,love the dragon roll . ,train
positive,the bacon breakfast burritos are delicious ! ,train
positive,absolutely fantastic place for breakfast . ,train
positive,a charlotte classic hang out ,train
positive,the pizza was great the service was very friendly . ,train
positive,have been going here for years . overall food is good ! definitely worth a visit ! ,train
positive,very good food . very good prices . and the staff are very friendly . ,train
positive,as good as it get s for . ,train
positive,great place to wash your car,train
positive,forgot to mention the prices are great just had the baklava yummm to die for delicious ! ,train
positive,incredibly fast service and friendly staff ! did a smog check for . ,train
positive,great place dj nforce is awsome ! ! ! ! ,train
positive,forgot how good the food is here . . damn they need one in yuma ! ! ! ,train
positive,they have the best mountain fudge cake ! ! ,train
positive,i love the pho here ! i am hooked . ,train
positive,"i am learning to sew , i love the staff at the mesa store",train
positive,great food . . . great value . . . gotta go early . . . usually busy ! ! ! ,train
positive,be prepared to sleep . . . to sleep deep . . . and sleep well . . . and hard . ,train
positive,the teppanyaki is fantastic and how can you go wrong with saki bombers ! ! ,train
positive,amazing no matter what you eat or drink at what time of the day . fantastic ! ,train
positive,good experience in the computer section and with the customer service geek squad . i will return,train
positive,"good food , good service , a little expensive but worth it",train
positive,"larry hahn is the awesomest . so is jeremy , leslie , and kyle . good finds . decent prices . ",train
positive,zoo . lights . . ever . ,train
positive,adobo fried rice omelette is awesommmmmeee,train
positive,bbq shrimp . . . nfried oysters . . . nrbr . . . n nall brilliant . ,train
positive,"what can i say ? like the rest of joes restaurants , this place is great ! keep them coming joe ! ",train
positive,my favorite pizza in the neighborhood ! ,train
positive,"usually good food , great drinks , loud but ok service . today . . . . well , we ll see . ",train
positive,best thai i ve ate in a long time . ,train
positive,"very efficient airport . flying from sd , i have to stop here a lot . it s always clean . ",train
positive,great place ! they have special knowledge with english bulldogs which is an added bonus ! ,train
positive,"quick service . good price , good guys . ",train
positive, x . so far so good . ,train
positive,"i love their calamari grill , kampachi , the quality of their tuna is the best in vegas ! ",train
positive,"nice ma and pa pizza joint , great pizza special . ",train
positive,great time with the family ! nice guides and a very authentic feeling place . highly recommended . ,train
positive,great food ! the bakes biscuit brie was to die for and the service was perfect ! ,train
positive,food is always great and the service is very attentive . . . we ll go back another day . ,train
positive,best pizza ever ! ! ingredients are fresh . you get quality pizza ! for a good price ! ,train
positive,"good food , great value n they deliver ! ! ! ! ! ",train
positive,decent choice of eats and no line at security . ,train
positive,"my fave sushi spot in phoenix . nice atmosphere , great for a couples date . pricey but good . ",train
positive,a superior alternative to subway . . . . . by far ! ,train
positive,always a good selection of clothing . a great place to people watch too lol,train
positive,awesome pizza awesome place . this is a must eat while in vegas . the people here rock ! ! ! ! ,train
positive,"i only need to say three things . monaco foccacia , happy hour , and oz beers . ",train
positive,very good food and services ! will defintely come back again if i am in the area ! ,train
positive,great place to go on sundays . happy hour menu all day long . perfect for football season ! ,train
positive,nice place to get a quick and healthy meal ! we had the sandwich and soup combos and kid meals . ,train
positive,the place to catch touring broadway shows,train
positive,go to salsa night on thursdays super fun,train
positive,food always good . service is always fast and friendly . prices are inexpensive . ,train
positive,best food ever,train
positive,great place and staff ! monkey brains is the best ! ,train
positive,"we eat here frequently and it is always solid , good food . the staff is wonderful ! ",train
positive,a fun stop on a long road . ,train
positive,we returned about three weeks ago . it was an even better experience than before ! ,train
positive,ambiente super perfecto ! ! ,train
positive,"service is very strong , always call to see if there is a problem . ",train
positive,so delicious . lemon custard with cold fudge is a favorite ! ,train
positive,"good food , nice service . more hidden menu on the wall , you have to check or ask the server . ",train
positive,huge sandwiches and great coffee . my favorite is the mexican mocha . ,train
positive,double iced mocha . possibly a black and white cookie . i d buy stock in this company if i could . ,train
positive,always a pleasure to eat at this place . i ve never had a bad meal . n nthanks bob,train
positive,reviews are dead on good food good service in a little bit of a strange out of the way location . ,train
positive,good chips and salsa ! ,train
positive,"nice place to kill some time with the kiddos . lots to do and see , food available throughout . ",train
positive,here in town for a rv rally . chili cheeseburger is very good . menu has a lot of choices . ,train
positive,"great spot in university city , take your dog and enjoy an adult beverage next to the lake . ",train
positive,better than average bdubs here . service is good and beer is nice and cold . ,train
positive,really good sushi and an nice quiet place to eat dinner . ,train
positive,mornings are terrible trying to get in and out of the parking lots ! ,train
positive,good equipment and service to rent skis,train
positive,one of my favorite resturants in charlotte try the what it is you won t be disapointed ! ! ,train
positive,great local bagel place . very friendly staff and owner . ,train
positive,"we love this place , the food is fantastic . great spices and good quality food for the price ",train
positive,one of my all time favorite restaurants . bruschetta is amazing ! ,train
positive,love our city and airport ! ,train
positive,"service is great ! also on time and very friendly , tech was clean and treated use well . ",train
positive,"all time favorite restaurant ! good prices , good food , fast service ! ! ",train
positive,the food is delicious and the staff is quick and friendly . it is priced for everybody . ,train
positive,my son loved the sushi the portions are huge ! ! ! ,train
positive,"love the food , the quality and the experience , not to mention the staff are so attentive ! ",train
positive,brain freeze . . . . . awesome ! large servings and delicious ! yummm ! ,train
positive,jessica was super friendly and helpful in taking my phone order ! ,train
positive,the best sushi i have ever had . nalways fresh and excellent service . ,train
positive,pretty good chinese food . great atmosphere . ,train
positive,very friendly and great service . ,train
positive,"good location , always great service to get me in and out with my cup of coffee . ",train
positive,great customer service ! ,train
positive,i enjoyed the foot massage and they did great job on my nails,train
positive,always helpful and superior service ! ,train
positive,"love this place , really nice people willing to help and pretty decent prices . . ",train
positive,great glass of zin . wonderful ambiance and decor . ,train
positive,delicious pizza ! ,train
positive,we ate lunch here yesterday and everyone left happy and full ! ! ! ! it was good ! ! ,train
positive,"great sushi , a little expensive , but you can t complain for good sushi . ",train
positive,"fast , honest service and good prices . ",train
positive,great food in a great environment . ,train
positive,love this place . n nlove the food . n nlove the hotties that work there . ,train
positive,lunch harper s classic club . delicious . great service . nice atmosphere . convenient . ,train
positive,rose milk green tea w boba is incredible ! ,train
positive,just makes your day better when you have friendly service and a yummy bagel ! ,train
positive,always like this place . fresh rolls and great fixin bar for the burgers . ,train
positive,"love this place . lively , a bit different , diverse menu . commuter sandwich has to be my fav . ",train
positive,i was in and out of here so quickly ! they made me feel welcomed,train
positive,always good inexpensive food and margaritas . friendly staff . you might even see elvis there ! ,train
positive,our waiter peggy was very polite and we enjoyed our food . i really liked the warm bread . ,train
positive,cherry blossom has the best happy hour items ! so tasty and fresh ! ! ! ! i am in love ! ,train
positive,great staff and phenomenal dentists . they really care about their patients ! ! ! ,train
positive,ryans pet supply has a wonderful staff in the repair shop . the best customer service in town . ,train
positive,"delicious , up scale pizza . not a good place for young kids . lovely patio . ",train
positive,"felt like i was home in nj ny at a deli , good food nice people . ",train
positive,awesome chicago style pizza . finally a great pizza place in arizona . ,train
positive,great zoo ! ,train
positive,"get delivery from here lots , always hot and speedy , would not recommend eating in . ",train
positive,good selection and friendly people . ,train
positive,"this chipotle location always has fresh ingredients and a friendly , attentive staff . ",train
positive,best place to get authentic mexican tacos food at am after the club lol open hr . ,train
positive,"i had a enjoyable dinner . . . friendly staff , good service and excellet food",train
positive,oscar is my boy ! ,train
positive,cheeseburger animal style . . . unreal ! ! ,train
positive,"best italian restaurant in the valley , we will return , with guests ! ! ",train
positive,the staff is pleasant and helpful . i find some very nice fabric and at great prices,train
positive,really enjoy sunday brunch . had lobster here on my birthday once too and it was good,train
positive,yo ! fucking brown sugar and blueberries in my hotcakes ? legit ! ,train
positive,best . pizza . ever . n nawesome food . . . they staff is beyond amazing . favorite place to eat . ,train
positive,amazing food here . . . have yet to have something i didnt like . ,train
positive,sunset at the tiki bar is as good as it gets besides the union ! ,train
positive,"the absolute best burger , . on happy hour . . . . i would order it if it wasn t happy hour ! ",train
positive,incredible pizza ! garlic bread was good too ! a little pricey but totally worth it . ,train
positive,the food was awesome and the staff was great . ,train
positive,best mani pedi ever . a little pricey but worth it . miranda is excellent . ,train
positive,good breakfast ! ! good service ! ! good place if your in madison,train
positive,get a martini nor anything else they have nthis place is heaven n n n b ,train
positive,good place friendly staff . ,train
positive,great place for dinner with friends . really good food but a little chainy commercial . ,train
positive,i still miss the chicken on the road waving at everyone from le peep on central . ,train
positive,one of my favorite sushi places in town . always delicious . ,train
positive,"good service , clean great philly cheese steak ! ",train
positive,a delicious menu with a twist . unique wine list too ! ,train
positive,time warner over at t any day of the year . . . ,train
positive,oh . my . god . so . good . ,train
positive,"great food , huge portions . great for a family or friends get together . ",train
positive,first time at the cina capri ! we really enjoyed ourselves ! ,train
positive,good food great service,train
positive,"awesome staff , great food and cool decor",train
positive,excellent service food . it is my first choice for sushi . ,train
positive, price bottles of wine on sunday and monday ! ! ,train
positive,always wonderful food ! ,train
positive,we enjoyed apple fritters which were light and delicious . ,train
positive,absolutely love this place . great food and unique atmosphere . ,train
positive,"my wife and i love this place . it s quick , somewhat healthy , and consistent . for two of us . ",train
positive,service was good and food was good too . ,train
positive,"cheap , tasty food served by friendly people in a quaint environment . ",train
positive,food pretty good . not to greasy . n nprice reasonable . the lunch combo are a deal . ,train
positive,great service . . . good food . . . . ,train
positive,great place to visit . ,train
positive,"alot of food , resonably priced great service . parking can be a challenge at times . ",train
positive,"great time , good food ! staff works their butts off and is top notch ! ask for angie",train
positive,always great service at drive thru and cheaper than bev mo,train
positive,i saw shakespeare s as you like it . great performance ! ,train
positive,love the food . very nicely prepared . love the atmosphere . very dependable . ,train
positive,"good food nlow prices nnot a fancy restaurant , but ok for a buffet",train
positive,"we love this place i have been to san diego , st . louis , chicago , etc . our favorite by far ! ",train
positive,love target ! great products and an amazing return policy ! ,train
positive,hands down the best pizza in town ! best sausage . . . mmmm ! ,train
positive,"when i want to gorge myself on salad , breads , and pizza , this is where i go . delicious . ",train
positive,great ambience and food . ,train
positive,great happy hour specials . lots of food selections and drinks . a good mix of food as well,train
positive,i love staying here ! ,train
positive,great food,train
positive,"great service , great food",train
positive,marsala spaghetti nuff said ! ,train
positive,one more time . . . yaaaaaaaaaaaaay for strippers ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ,train
positive,great for families ! kids can get a balloon . delicious burgers ! ,train
positive,"best mexican food in the east valley ! dining in or take out , service is always very good . ",train
positive,was pleasantly surprised ! the chicken noodle soup was definitely worthy of five stars . ,train
positive,one word heaven ! ,train
positive,sharon the cashier that waited on us was fantastic . ,train
positive,"if you know of a better donut joint , please let me in on it . this place simply can t be beat . ",train
positive,"best tacos , i ever had in my life . ",train
positive,"great service , fast lunch on a work day . ",train
positive,yummy as always ! ,train
positive,"really fresh , delicious sushi and pleasant service . ",train
positive,awesome place to eat with your friends,train
positive,the raisin bread and taro pastry were both very very tasty . ,train
positive,i loved the whole experience . old people like it here too . soup was bacon cheeseburger chowder . ,train
positive,"fun atmosphere great food , beer , and wine . happy hour is one of the best",train
positive,i love this gym everybody there is soooooo nice and helpful,train
positive," this place has changed their name , its now cabo ",train
positive,best barber shop in the valley . ,train
positive,c mon . . . it s carolina s ! i does not get any better than this if you want red chili burros . ,train
positive,the vet explains everything what wrong whit my baby dog maya and all the staff was so friendly . ,train
positive,"i love harley s , but my liver hates it . booze and bait , what more do you want ? ",train
positive,"good food , good deal , and we had good time there . ",train
positive,"pizza is pretty good ! the staff is very nice , and good service . ",train
positive,food so good i d lick the plate . service makes you feel like your in a four star restaurant . t,train
positive,best pokers in the valley ! ! ! ,train
positive,my boss and i get green chili burros about once a week because they are amazing . ,train
positive,"clean and planes show up periodically , cool",train
positive,awesome . nuff sed,train
positive,great old school donut shop with delicious donuts . the even still tie up the boxes . ,train
positive,love it ! good for kids of all ages and yes i mean you adults too ! ,train
positive,"so good , always delicious every time i get a pizza here . ",train
positive,when you are looking for the real deal,train
positive,great gaming . great bar . allison is the best ! ,train
positive,great school ! can t wait to grad though,train
positive,endless shrimp is freaking bomb . adam server was fun,train
positive,"great , fun atmosphere , and good food ! what more could you ask for ? ! ",train
positive,i love how this is listed as women s clothing . i could spend thousands in minutes at this place . ,train
positive,best gas prices in tega cay . ,train
positive,"fantastic service , great fish , all around a great place to grab sushi . ",train
positive,excellent experience renting from josh . very helpful and informative . made the process simple . ,train
positive,staff is always helpful . ,train
positive,yumm,train
positive,really nice hotel with a breakfast bar similar to a hilton hotel . ,train
positive,"had breakfast here , super yummy southern biscuits ! looks a little dingy but that s the charm . ",train
positive,friendly desk reps . coffee n biscuits,train
positive,they have a really good breakfast special . it is cheap and good . ,train
positive,good and quick . about what you would expect from a local mex place . ,train
positive,best cookies around . i love supporting this business . the cookies are so delish ! ,train
positive,meticulously organized and a great selection . definitely worth a stop . ,train
positive,super delicious fresh spring rolls ! ,train
positive,from what i saw on the outside i have to go back and spend more time here . ,train
positive,perfect greasy spoon ! ! great breakfast and great grilled cheese ! ! service is excellent ! ! ,train
positive,incredible chicken sandwich . go for it ! ,train
positive,good place to come watch some football have some wings maybe a few drinks and enjoy the game . ,train
positive,love this place . the hot sauce complemts every item . kids like the constant dim sum action . ,train
positive,hands down best pad thai around . ,train
positive,great selection . food is ok . ,train
positive,the tacos are off the hook yummmmmmmmy,train
positive,"my favorite pizza joint ! great lasagna . . salads , breadsticks , and top notch desserts",train
positive,best sandwiches in the valley . the bread is so good . my favorite is philly cheesesteak,train
positive,only been to a handful or airports and this one is as good as any that i ve seen . ,train
positive,you can t beat the tuesday rib special . i highly recommend it . ,train
positive,the wild boar entree was a winner . nservice was great and waiter was very attentive . ,train
positive,replaced the screws in my glasses in less than minutes . . n day guarantee . ,train
positive,great food and an awesome ambiance . a very unique spot . ,train
positive,im big on customer service and gotta say this place delievered . no pun intended . haha,train
positive,very good place to eat all items are well prepared,train
positive,excellent customer service . they even have signings and events . ,train
positive,expert service . exceptional food every time . beautiful ambiance ! ,train
positive,love it ! always great food and great service . ,train
positive,i wouldn t go anywhere else . they are fantastic . ,train
positive,all is good,train
positive,service was perfect and steaks were great . ,train
positive,"beautiful facility , friendly knowledgable staff . i enjoyed my visit and so will you ! ",train
positive,favorite airport ! ,train
positive,once a month they offer addtional savings on clearance merchandise . ,train
positive,sammys are yum ! ,train
positive,great coffee for great prices ! can t go wrong there . ,train
positive,its sam woo . . u know what ur getting,train
positive,"wow , i ve been here so many times , always after pm with friends . nbest pho i ve had . ",train
positive,great pho and fresh spring rolls ! ,train
positive,service has improved and the food is good,train
positive,love their nachos ! i can t eat it all so i share . sharing is caring ! lol ! ,train
positive,love this place ! i make sure and go at least once a week . ,train
positive,great deal for breakfast . its on the way to the lv convention center . . buffet,train
positive,two words sunrise sampler . that s all you need to know . ,train
positive,vegetarian curry ! ,train
positive,very clean and the staff is always willing to help . open ,train
positive,nice course,train
positive,i often find good deals here,train
positive,"lots of food , price was fair . very busy place . ",train
positive,"great food , great service",train
positive,"just good mexican food , salsa is excellent ! ",train
positive,"good food , clean environment , friendly and fast service . ",train
positive,best midetterianian food ngreat kabab ngreat hommus ngreat service ncons it took long time,train
positive,clean and friendly staff . great prices before am and mon thurs before pm its ,train
positive,i love this golf course ! ! it s very fun ! ! ! great service ! ,train
positive,i was late and missed my favorite gal linda but still received an excellent pedi ! ,train
positive,hello vegas . . . ronald s donuts is the best yummy vegan donuts ! ! n nvery friendly ! ,train
positive,their food is made of magic . ,train
positive,excellent salad bar . . . and soups . . . and other goodies . ,train
positive,fantastic ! awesome atmosphere and food is top notch ! it was worth the mile drive for me ! ,train
positive,"such an amazing atmosphere , food is amazing , bring your own wine , entire staff is great ! ",train
positive,a great shop for the big girls in your life . ,train
positive,"quality bagels , meats , and staff . cooked to order breakfast is amazing",train
positive,great atmosphere great service great food ! ! charlotte charm . ,train
positive,coo spot to check out comics . . i was definitely on my big bang theory sh t lol,train
positive,really yummy ! hit the spot when i was craving some tacos and jaritos ! ,train
positive,you always know what to expect and they continue to deliver . no worries ! ! ! ,train
positive,very friendly staff . . love the service ! ,train
positive,"great selection , good prices , friendly serivce . ",train
positive,great chicken burritos and love that roasted black looking salsa ! ,train
positive,i always love sweet tomatoes . but i am about a rabbit and love my salads . ,train
positive,i loved the bar ! the actual restaurant next door ? not so much . ,train
positive,"very nice company . prices a bit steep , but , a god spot to hang out . ",train
positive,servings are huge and delicious ! the banana bread is omgahhhhh yummy ! ! ! ! ! ,train
positive,yummy food great price friendly stuff . ,train
positive,really good food and nice service . i was impressed with the food . a good choice . ,train
positive,i loved the rosemary chicken it was delicious . . . anaheim cheesecake factory was delicious,train
positive,awesome turkey cranberry ! ,train
positive,came to the house to do a chip repair . the work was done quickly and efficiently . nice job . ,train
positive,tacos are the best around ! but they do charge too much for them . ,train
positive,fast and tasty . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . delivery driver bryce was a sweet heart ! ,train
positive,only missing a star because of parking . the food esp . the bruschetta is excellent ! ,train
positive,this is one of the stores on my list looking for ammo,train
positive,"my all time favorite at idp chicken tikka masala , peas rice garlic naan ! ! ! yummm",train
positive,friendly staff . nfast check out . ngreat selection . ,train
positive,super sundae . ,train
positive,pretty good . i ve never had any complaints about this subway . ,train
positive,great for a quick cut . for extreme attention to detail and excellent finish . ,train
positive,great authentic little sleepy indian place . outstanding service and great food . ,train
positive,"by far , the most amazing hangover pho i ve ever had in my life . hands down . ",train
positive,great food ! awesome margaritas ! ,train
positive,"new guatemalan blend is my favorite . d mmmm ! n ni m here way too often , but i like it . ",train
positive,love movies . . . love popcorn . . . love harkins arrowhead fountains ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ,train
positive,staples moved across the street because their lease ended . they are now next to ross . ,train
positive,i simply cannot review this place because it s too amazing . ,train
positive,this place is awesome . ntraditional . ngo . ,train
positive,best place in the city for drop off laundry i ve found so far . period . ,train
positive,theeeeee best pho ive had ! ! ! wow,train
positive,as good at gets ! i always bring these beauties to friends visiting las vegas,train
positive,"a good bar with ok food . n nfairly diverse menu , so you dont have to have a burger , etc . ",train
positive,great food and serivce ! ,train
positive,the best cookies i have ever tasted ! ! ! wow ! nlove the chocolate cinnamon mmmmm,train
positive,"love the old guy at the counter . always happy and funny . foods fresh , fast and cheap . ",train
positive,great books store plus there a starbucks but not a great selection in lgbt books,train
positive,"the jambalaya and seafood gumbo were excellent , and the prices were very reasonable . ",train
positive,"go here , don t get ripped off . ",train
positive,"this is my favorite mexican food place in the area , hands down . ",train
positive,best salad bar ever ! ,train
positive,good service and fantastic steak sandwich . my girlfriend had the burger and loved it . ,train
positive,this store is chilled cold . the staff love they jobs . food is muah ! ,train
positive,i can t find a more perfect iced americano . enough said . ,train
positive,pretty good ! coconut shrimp and sesame chicken is awesome . crab puffs are great too . ,train
positive,always good . don t eat the rice if u don t want to get too full . ,train
positive,"if you need a hat , this is where to go . ",train
positive,sooo blacked out here that nwe heckled the guitarist . nnot sorry . he sucked . ,train
positive,one of the best bakeries in town ! try the german cholate cake for a real treat . ,train
positive,not very familiar with thai food . tried the pad see iwe with chicken and spicy . awesome ! ,train
positive,"self service for cost effective . a lot of steam rice . good ! ! , . . . . ",train
positive,a great bar ! ! ! the only problem is there is no coat check . ,train
positive,we ordered family meal . . . first visit ! ! ,train
positive,"great , greasy pizza and excellent salads . always ask for dressing on the side . ",train
positive,great donut selection and price ! be prepared with cash as they don t take credit or debit ! ,train
positive,"fantastic tailor , excellent work , quickly done at a very reasonable price . i highly recommend",train
positive,my favorite nail salon for pedicures they have the best nail polish color selection ! ,train
positive,classic barber shop . very reasonable prices . ,train
positive,"authentic upscale italian cuisine , in classic upscale mediterranean ambiance . ",train
positive,"small , but good . wish i lived closer , i would go there alot more . ",train
positive,nice owners got an emerald crab here and he s still doing good nice selection of fish too,train
positive,best szechwan cuisine in this town . spicy and delicious . ,train
positive,awesome and authentic food . no frills just delicious . buy some homemade tortillas to take home ! ,train
positive,beer cave ! ! ,train
positive,"amazing food , amazing views . great secret date place . ",train
positive,way nicer than my lax airport . ,train
positive,best doughnuts in vegas ! ! just sucks that they only take cash ! ,train
positive,"i work here now , and that makes it awesome . however it was pretty awesome already . ",train
positive,ask charlie for a hug . . . and don t drink the pickle juice,train
positive,their lattes and corditos are amazing . ,train
positive,awesome burgers ! ! add some grilled jalepenos for an awesome treat . ,train
positive,great place for weekday lunch . best pad thai around . ,train
positive,really tasty sandwiches . they have a good quality but they are a little pricey . ,train
positive,like the waiter and waitress there,train
positive,great location make sure you ask for a view of the river . worth the money . ,train
positive,awesome ! feels like you are walking into mexico . the food is fantastic . ,train
positive,best gun store in surprise ! the competition doesn t compare to the prices and customer service . ,train
positive,great food but staff was a bit rdue,train
positive,free thai mango chicken,train
positive,good quick convienant coffee location . service is good and friendly,train
positive,best tomato bisque and grilled cheese ever ! ,train
positive,my favorite bar in town love the live music and the martinis fave is the strawberry shortcake ! ,train
positive,the staff is always super friendly and fast . ,train
positive,great airport with lots to shop and eat ! easy to navigate . ,train
positive,delicious bruschetta ! loved the setting . this is a great place for a nice ladies lunch ,train
positive,"really good food , super friendly and attentive service . ",train
positive,my new favorite restaurant in phoenix arizona,train
positive,went with a co worker and i am not a sweet things fan . but their cookie is creamy and sweet . ,train
positive,play it . ,train
positive,absolutely outstanding ! ! ,train
positive,best breakfasts in the pittsburgh area . just make sure to bring cash they don t take credit . ,train
positive, words portobello mushroom soup . ,train
positive,great service . low prices . ,train
positive,"great tacos , open for breakfast but no coffee . you can get starbucks next door in the safeway . ",train
positive,rokerij is our sunday brunch spot for mimosas . make you hola . ,train
positive,better than culvers . but more expensive . ,train
positive,great sushi for great prices . better than sushi eye for sure . ,train
positive,good old fashioned italian family restaurant . ,train
positive,never really thought of adopting animals here but a good place to take the kids and pet the cats . ,train
positive,great sushi ! you almost feel like your in japan . ,train
positive,amazing new york strip,train
positive,always a sure bet . had octopus there for the first time this past winter and was impressed . ,train
positive,"love the carne asada tacos ! they re the best in town , in my opinion . ",train
positive,we love coming here . the bagels and service are the best ! ,train
positive,very friendly location with a nice touch of solid customer service . drop offs are a cinch ! ,train
positive,love this place lot of fresh vegetable . n nbig portion n nfriendly staff,train
positive,good food . big portions . service was awesome . ,train
positive,i m a total fan of eons . love their selection ! a little pricey though . ,train
positive,best sushi ever . i come here often for lunch . ,train
positive,"the best cake , cupcakes and cookies in town . will use for all future events . thank you barbs ! ",train
positive,i crave these tacos when the sun is shining ! ,train
positive,not big of a store but very well organized . nice and helpful staff . ,train
positive,"great green chili , help is usually good . always been pleased",train
positive,"very good sonoran hot dogs for a decent price . interesting location , but food is worth it . ",train
positive,very authentic greek food and ambience . the owner came and chatted with us for a while . ,train
positive,great country casual atmosphere,train
positive,they did a fantastic job on my bodywave . i love it still looking great months later . ,train
positive,fish tacos for the win . ,train
positive,we always have an amazing time staying in the villas and enjoying the oasis ! nthank you phil ! ! ,train
positive,"best place in vegas , they have the strongest jack n coke . ",train
positive,friendly honest service . saved our thanksgiving vacation and got us back on the road quickly . ,train
positive,"lobster pot stickers , divine butterfish , seared ahi , chocolate lava cake all to die for ! ! ",train
positive,"pretty good , fairly authentic food . not the best i ve had , but decent . service average . ",train
positive,"great deep dish pizza , great salads . deep dish always hits the spot . ",train
positive,"honest , forthright , great customer service , affordable . ",train
positive,"love this place mike awsome bar tebder , food greate , do recommend u all come and see for ur self",train
positive,josh is awesome ! ! great server . get the ayce pancakes . yum ! ,train
positive,nick s has legit new york style pizza . it s dirt cheap too ! ,train
positive,lovely experience from the phone call to make appointment to the time i left . great service ! ,train
positive,suicide fries . . . awesome ! ! ! ,train
positive,these guys have great chimichangas and margaritas ! good prices too ! ,train
positive,"if you like catfish , get the fried catfish plate ! you won t be dissapointed . ",train
positive,"excellent food , service and price . i was extremely pleased . ",train
positive,i was really drunk and it was really good ! ! ,train
positive,update get . the . italian . sausage . pierogies . holy crap . it will change your freaking life ! ,train
positive,"great , fast service , and good food makes this the go to chinese when in the area",train
positive,"good , cheap , quick . yum ! ",train
positive,"great coffee and tea selection . good prices for latte s , cappuccino , ect . . . ",train
positive,amazing ! ,train
positive,love the burritos ,train
positive,"nice place , good taste and good cheese also . at least the specialty is not spicy . ",train
positive,great people buy all my gear here and there great,train
positive,love flancers ! service is always friendly . the shrimp sandwich is delicious ! ! ,train
positive,perfect haircut for a great price ! ,train
positive,"fun environment , friendly staff and decent food ! short , sweet and to the point ! ! ",train
positive,excellent pizza and fantastic selection of italian food . prices are wonderful as well . ,train
positive,"your typical wendy s . fruits were fresh , service was fast everything was pleasant . ",train
positive,"great food , drinks and atmosphere abut the service has been slow on two different occasions . ",train
positive,fast friendly service at a great price . what more can you ask for ? ,train
positive,amazing . every time ! ,train
positive,"really great food here ! always quick , clean and helpful ! ",train
positive,great airport . one of my favorite airports to travel through . ,train
positive,had a great meal and a great time here . wait staff was excellent and the view was wonderful . ,train
positive,great breakfast ! yummy ! ,train
positive,"my bf and i ate here on tuesday night , and it was awesome ! ! it always is . ",train
positive,great food . great atmosphere . great staff . ,train
positive,"it s good , we have this for lunch every time my boss likes to buy us lunch . great tortillas ! ! ",train
positive,food is awesome and priced right menu is very extensive for such a small place,train
positive,fantastic ! cash tip only . ,train
positive,great food and service,train
positive, . all you can eat ! friendly service that s close to home is always welcome . ,train
positive,southwest chicken wings cilantro too good ! ,train
positive,very friendly and very helpful at this location ! i felt like a very valued customer ! ,train
positive,"get food to go . tacos are excellent , the fresh made tortilla s are to die for",train
positive,"love the mahi tacos ! and it is always slow so your food is fast , hot and fresh . ",train
positive,"good food , reasonable price for the lunch buffet and very attentive service . i ll be back . ",train
positive,"fresh , fast , reasonably priced , and flavorful ! no complaints and would recommend to anyone ! ",train
positive,love the place just wish they had wifi . ,train
positive,"very reasonable prices for excellent , largely portioned food ! favorite pho place by far . ",train
positive,sweet view and great food and good wine,train
positive,one of the best sushi places in vegas . nlove the oyster shooter . ,train
positive,always a destination when i m in town . . . ,train
positive,amazing ! simply all around great . ,train
positive,love there juices . a little overpriced but worth it,train
positive,great place ! lunch prices are good . service was fantastic . pizza is great . ,train
positive,great outdoor seating and bingo . n ngood beer selection . ,train
positive,i love the pho so ,train
positive,"amazing ! i prefer it over vincent s , as long as it s veltre s in swissvale ! and it s amazing ! ",train
positive,fantastic sushi and wonderful happy hour ! ,train
positive,"open all night , i ordered charbroiled pork chop and steamed rice . delicious . ",train
positive,yummy food at a great price . clean restaurant . love the beef tacos ! ! ,train
positive,"nice environment , lots of tv s and super friendly staff . food needed seasoning but overall ok",train
positive,a wonderful place to have great food and a fun atmosphere ! ,train
positive,great nw valley spot for sushi . always friendly and the food is great ! ,train
positive,"love em new ownership , better atmosphere ! n nfood is always tasty ! ",train
positive,"love this place ! ! ! ! great food , great atmosphere ! ! ",train
positive,i love this place . great sliders and thats the only thing i get . ,train
positive,dilly bar . say it with me . dilly bar . ,train
positive,great restaurant . . . . . has been for years ! ,train
positive,"awesome servers accommodating , with pleasant dispositions . ",train
positive,"white chocolate raspberry cup , chocolate peanut butter bar , burnt almond torte , oh my ! ",train
positive,delicious pizza and wings ! very friendly ! ! i will be back ! ,train
positive,really good carne asada tacos and their salsa was good too . will definately be back ! ,train
positive,"consistently good food and service , a destination when we are visiting the phoenix area . ",train
positive,be sure you know what you want before you enter the que . people will complain lol,train
positive,"this place never disappoints me . tough to get in , reservations are a must but always delicious . ",train
positive,no problems and good location . pat and crew always have great customer service . ,train
positive,good beer and food ! ,train
positive,my favorite sushi spot . great food and atmoshpere . ,train
positive,super fast service ny style crust pizza was great and crispy . ,train
positive,enjoyed a excellent club sandwich and a unique side of jalape u f o and cheddar mash potato . ,train
positive,fantastic martinis ! ! ,train
positive,love the remodel and the khols cash ! ! ! ! ,train
positive,great food . ngreat price . ngreat service . ngo . ,train
positive,excellent vacation ! i still dream about sitting at the fire pit with a glass of wine ! ,train
positive,"excellent ! home cooking , friendly service and the pies are amazing ! ! ",train
positive,good food for good price . highly recommended for lunch ! ,train
positive,"quick service , food delicious . . . . good boba and good chicken pho",train
positive,you ll know when you ve hit it . n n ba dum crash ! ,train
positive,great prices and selection ! ,train
positive, . pho . . . . . need i say more ! ? ! ,train
positive,carne asada tacos were the best i ve had . shockingly low prices . ,train
positive,"best boba i have tasted in town ! hate the wait and the service , but love the boba ! ",train
positive,"very good ice cream . my son loves it too . convenient for the area , with adequate parking . ",train
positive,great pricing and durable clothes . i have shirts that i ve been wearing for years . ,train
positive,amazing happy hour ! spendy but not at happy hour . ,train
positive,pappaya salad the way i like it . they close at am,train
positive,"excellent place to have a good beer , with good company , and away from most of the tourists . ",train
positive,great doctors and scheduling is easy . ,train
positive,fond memories from the s . ,train
positive,very nice ! ! ! ,train
positive,just went for drinks . seemed nice . good happy hour,train
positive,"bit pricey , but it s always been our favorite place to go for treats . . . . ",train
positive,second to none ! great company ! ,train
positive,pizzookie . it s the mic drop . ,train
positive,simple . quick . cheap . delicious . consistent fast food the whole family enjoys . ,train
positive,quiet theater . never packed . i wish locals would visit more . we need to keep in business . ,train
positive,how can you complain when it s all a dollar ? i love this place ! ! ! a dollar a hollar ! yeah ! ,train
positive,very friendly staff . we had chocolate malt and half chocolate jamaica shake . both were delish . ,train
positive,love it ! wait time usually mins if that ! ! ! wonderful staff . mrs . ash is the best ,train
positive,service food was great . would go again . ,train
positive,"good pizza , even better sandwiches",train
positive,"fun atmosphere , good people watching and yummy food ! ",train
positive,staff always friendly . food is good and will always be a customer . happy hours are excellent . ,train
positive,"very nice hotel in a great , convenient location . ",train
positive,plenty of places to eat but this airport is massive ! ,train
positive,love this little mexican burrito shack ! the carnesada is good ! i love the beans and rice too ! ,train
positive,great food . ,train
positive,"a little pricey , but very good food and atmosphere . ",train
positive,best donuts in vegas ! ,train
positive,great food one of the best in the valley that we have found . we will be back for sure,train
positive,the works breakfast burrito with a bag of chips and salsa ! ohh yeah ! ! ,train
positive,"daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaang , their ac feels good here . ",train
positive,wed night pub quiz ! ! so much fun and the food is very good too . ,train
positive,very competent and i m picky ! great results and quick ! ,train
positive,have to upgrade to stars because this place has never changed and is still the best ! ,train
positive,chilled out at the bar and felt like a real grown up here ! bekki the bartender was awesome ! ! ! ,train
positive,everything is always clean in here . i love that . friendly staff . ,train
positive,excellent place for family . good food service . ,train
positive,great kalbi ! huge portions . very friendly customer service . we will definitely return ! ,train
positive,eh . ,train
positive,tram s has better ahem atmosphere . pho minh has better pho . ,train
positive,great place for ramen ! ! i definitely recommend ! ! ! ,train
positive,tiffany is still there and still the best haircut in town ! ,train
positive,love this place . pizza is great and the stuffed peppers were perfect ! ,train
positive,amazing food and atmosphere ! great for couples . sharing food is welcome and trendy here . ,train
positive,great beer selection and good dogz . ,train
positive,if i wasn t on the clock i would jump on the cent draft special . ,train
positive,nice menu and good service ni recommend,train
positive,"great happy hour , try to slam mini pitchers in an hour ! ",train
positive,"had a great piece perch fish fry with yummy waffle fries . good food , neighborhood bar . ",train
positive,love it ! try the thin crust ! ,train
positive,hands down one of my favorite places to eat . the maragrita s are killer and food amazing . ,train
positive,went here xmas eve . delish and great service ! ,train
positive,great place to take the kids for the day . esp . love the zoo lights ! ,train
positive,love this place ! happy hour is great and extremely reasonable prices,train
positive,great place for lunch with good food and excellent customer service . thanks ! ,train
positive,i was surprised how good the food was . great service very friendly people . ,train
positive,good food,train
positive,this restaurant made more improvements and their food is tastes fresh ! ,train
positive,"best dive bar in az , bloody mary s breakfast are the best ! ! ",train
positive,"fantastic service , fantastic staff , great location ! ",train
positive,great mexican food service is amazing . also clean . loved it that i came days in a row . ,train
positive,awesome chinese food ! if you live close like i do they deliver . ,train
positive,"vanisa is the only person i let do my nails , she is super fast and does a great job ",train
positive,joh and jaimee are magic i don t trust anyone else nuf said,train
positive,great location . kids really enjoy all the activities . ,train
positive,love this place ! a favorite for a leisurely afternoon lunch ! ,train
positive,excellent food . they did a great job with the renovation the place is swank ! ,train
positive,"very helpful , knowledgable and repairs reasonably priced . ",train
positive,delicious ! simple is better . . . who would ve thunk ! love these burgers . ,train
positive,really great bfast and beautiful setting . great for kids . ,train
positive,great soups ! i only wish they could offer gluten free choices so i could try something else . ,train
positive,their calzone is great . ,train
positive,the wait staff were very friendly and attentive . food was delicious . i will be revisiting soon ! ,train
positive,"gas is decently priced but if you are a smoker , one of the best priced around . ",train
positive,cheeseburger and chocolate cone can t go wrong . reminds me of childhood . ,train
positive,"great food , and the loganberry is awesome , but the fries could be better",train
positive,great customer service ! ! ! ,train
positive,really good for a chain . i love the sangria,train
positive,great chicken fried steak in phoenix but if it was in texas it would be just good,train
positive,"this store closed a few months ago , unfortunately ! ! ! ",train
positive,try daves new juicy burgers . holy hell they are good ! ! ,train
positive,peanut buster parfaits rule ! i m glad we have one so close . nuff said ! ,train
positive,best bang for your buck . hands down . ,train
positive,gets your feet shiny . ,train
positive,"nice , fast and friendly staff . i love love love their hawaiian pizza . ",train
positive,really good food and friendly service . ,train
positive,best breakfast in vegas ! nice friendly people serving good country home style cooking ! ,train
positive,nancy is the bomb . com,train
positive,i always get the philly cheesesteak with just meat and cheese . i have never been disappointed ! ,train
positive,love this drug store . open hrs . plus they have a hr diner . ,train
positive,like the tofu soup and kimchi fried rice here ! l,train
positive,"this subway is close to where i work , and i ve always had speedy service with no hassle . ",train
positive,"i like this place . i don t get there often , but it s a nice place to hangout to watch sports . ",train
positive,best nail place around . i have never left disappointed . i highly recommend . ,train
positive,i don t really drink beer but they have beer that i have to say i love ! ! ,train
positive,"great blues , great beer , great visiting bands . nuff said . ",train
positive,great place been renting trucks for years and they always have propane and its not super expensive,train
positive,"wonderful food , people , excellent dining . exquisite lobster bisque ! ",train
positive,"legit meatball sandwhich . broasted chicken moist juicy hot , just they way i like it . ",train
positive,food was awesome stuff was fun and friendly . . . gonna make sure to visit this place again,train
positive,really great ! ! had a wonderful brazilan,train
positive,fresh bagels and coffee in the morning,train
positive,you cant go wrong . . . . yay ! ! ! ,train
positive,old packer is now chiefs tavern . cleaned up remodeled . great food and beer ! very clean . ,train
positive,great portion for lunch . sesame chicken is great ! i am so love the tomato salad ! ,train
positive,they are less than a minute from home . . nthey have everything basically . . nno complaints ,train
positive,top in az hands down ! ,train
positive,amazing as always my all time favorite mexican place ! ! ,train
positive,"wonderful service , great cup of coffee . family owned small business . ",train
positive,fabulous ! thanks yelp writers for the reviews ! you guys put in touch with a great company . ,train
positive,just the same as always but this time we got the square pizza ! mmmmm corners ! ,train
positive,"i m not a big steak person , but this is one of the best places to come if you are . ",train
positive,super amazing service and an absolutely delicious menu ! ,train
positive,i took the yelper advice and ordered green chile burro enchilada style . it was good ! ,train
positive,i love this guy ! he s old school and a very competent dr . ! ,train
positive,"we love ordering from these guys . unfortunately , they re no longer in business . ",train
positive,busy drive thru,train
positive,very original dishes . ,train
positive,love em ! best water in lv best service ! ,train
positive,good pizza as well as other great menu options . good prices too . ,train
positive,k,train
positive,i eat here alot the food is good and cheap . the oz tbone is . was a bargain,train
positive,we loved the live music and outdoor patio . food was great . very authentic . ,train
positive,my go to place for something special . i can always find top quality produce or meats . ,train
positive,it s good food and also a nice place to go have breakfast . my whole family loves coming here . ,train
positive,"it was a pretty good and quick job for a ten dollar bill ! nwe ll be back , that s for sure . ",train
positive,good steak good service just what you expect when you come here,train
positive,wonderful pizza ! it feels like you are in ny when visiting . the service is great,train
positive,simply the best,train
positive,great food and great pricing . ,train
positive,always awesome ! ,train
positive,i have been using them for years ! wonderful work and great attention to detail . ,train
positive,pizza is good ! sauce is sweet . they have lots of options . ,train
positive,"old fashioned barber shop . been doing business here for years . good , fast , cheap . ",train
positive,"pizza is awesome , period . ",train
positive,grilled marinated seafood and beef was good,train
positive,i was pissed off to be full . . . n nthat s how good this place was . ,train
positive,its good and we still go back from time to time,train
positive,i like the texas station . ncompared to the strip casinos it is very relaxed and laid back here . ,train
positive,"friendly , family owned , and delicious ! get the gordo bfast burrito ! great for hangovers ! ",train
positive, nd visit here and it was soooooo much better the nd trip . yum ! ,train
positive,it s what they say a culinary experience that is unique and goooooood and in the hood . ,train
positive,great location ! the staff was very friendly and had fast service . ,train
positive,food and staff are always awesome ! gourmet steak tacos are my favorite ! ,train
positive,love the brushetta ! ngreat location fabulous service and nice wine selection ! ,train
positive,my favorite starbucks in az so far . . . i love the couches ! ,train
positive,just got back from a trip to the burgh and of course klavon s ! ! ! nstill awesome ! ! ! ,train
positive,very good bagels and a lot of options ! ,train
positive,i tried a couple sausages i was expecting more from all the reviews,train
positive,the garlic naan is awesome . they have great lunch specials . try the lamb ! ! ,train
positive,best child care in the area . these folks really care . ,train
positive,greasy on some items but great tasting food ! ,train
positive,i love this spot . excellent breakfasts and coffee ! ! ! ! ,train
positive,large portions ! ,train
positive,"the bbq pork sandwich was so good , i finished one and ordered another . ",train
positive,definitely one of the better restaurants i ve been to here in charlotte . great desserts ! ,train
positive,"great service , excellent place to get breakfast at any time of the day",train
positive,"really , really cute but way overpriced . love the clothes though . ",train
positive,good condition and fun course . the green hot to stop the ball but still good to play . ,train
positive,"great service . cool and helpful people like nik work here . wide selection , too . ",train
positive,food id very good but sometime a long wait nto get in . ,train
positive,one of the most delicious burger in pittsburgh ! ,train
positive,not the cheapest but nice clean cab very clear with costs . ,train
positive,"strongest coffee , pure organic milk and great atmosphere ! i dream about the coffee ! ",train
positive,an overall great place . good food and very friendly staff . great customer service ! ! ! ! ,train
positive,"love the pizza and great beer flights . ask for kim as a server in the bar area , she s the best ! ",train
positive,"team dameron is great ! great staff and they keep things simple , which i enjoy . ",train
positive,a great place to have a beer and relax ! the staff is extremely friendly ! ,train
positive,best mexican food in town ! ,train
positive,the experience at marcellino ristorante is perfect and i love their new location in scottsdale ! ,train
positive,always a fan . this location is hopping . ,train
positive,the nicest ladies you ll find work at this sweet factory ! ,train
positive,very good food . great service . ,train
positive,another fun and delicious meal with the nieces . great iced tea as well . ,train
positive,mmmm but they didn t have a lot of items that i saw on yelp . ,train
positive,ok ! the best hash i have ever had . their potatoes are bananas ! ,train
positive,good food and service . would definitely go back . ,train
positive,"good pizza , nice people , great rock and roll . coupons , too . what more can you ask ? ",train
positive,great place with perfect coffee and service ! ,train
positive,super chill environment with great variety of sandwiches . love their kool aid dispensers,train
positive,"best bar on walnut . ngo here anytime of day , nthey will have your fix . n n b ",train
positive,we love our nanny ! ! ,train
positive,i ll take this place over chipotle any day . the carnitas burrito is the best . . . yummy good . ,train
positive,one of the best mx food restaurants i have been to ! i am a regular . ,train
positive,this place is always consistent . salad bar is yummie ! ,train
positive,the pecan waffles are good ! love going there when they have the all you can eat special . ,train
positive,their chicken pad thai is awesome ! ,train
positive,"it reminds me of hawaii , i just wish they would get kim chi . ",train
positive,"awesome service , great food , a bit pricey",train
positive,food and service is great ! always been a good time . ,train
positive,nicest persian restaurant i have ever been to outside of iran ! ,train
positive,one of the best research institutions in the world with many high ranking programs . ,train
positive,"would of given stars , but service is slow ! food is good , but be prepared for a long evening ! ",train
positive,one of our go to spots for a nice dinner . love the shrimp ! ,train
positive,i love arby s . n nit s roast beef ! n nand a bun ! n nand curly fries ! n nhaters be damned . ,train
positive,"air for your tires is free , awesome . qt does things right . ",train
positive,class act . . . hardly ever behind schedule . the best i ve spent . my son s teeth are perfect ! ,train
positive,awesome food,train
positive,very helpful staff w selling and inventory . will definitely come here again ! ,train
positive,awesome bar food and drinks ! special thanks to our waitress kensie . . . you were great ! ,train
positive,one of the better meals i ve had in clt . i gotta go back before i can give an accurate picture . ,train
positive,great customer service and great assessment . cheap to change oil . satisfied,train
positive,nice theater,train
positive,the fish tacos are amazing but i cant pass up on the steak quesadilla,train
positive,the happy hour prices are amazing ! ,train
positive,great latenight takeout,train
positive,"awesome service , food very good , but a tad salty for my taste . great ambiance ! ",train
positive,help fix what another shop ruined,train
positive,awesome,train
positive,james monte works here . nenough said . n n n stars . ,train
positive,best of phx . authentic food in a neighborhood with no pretension . treat yourself . ,train
positive,the best donuts in the world n ncash only,train
positive,the banana oatmeal pancakes were really special . ,train
positive,not the friendliest customer service . prices okay . look for deals on their website . ,train
positive,"free wifi , gotta love small airports . easy in and easy out . ",train
positive,"good portions , great atmosphere and most of all great kim chee ! ! with rice too ! ! ",train
positive,"our favorite indian place nice , simple atmosphere , great tikamasala , decent prices . ",train
positive,love their bagels in the morning ! n ntheir sandwiches and salads are fresh . ,train
positive,very fancy and somewhat spookey ! ,train
positive,www . bigtsreviews . com,train
positive,best place around for the flu shot ! thanks for making my arm sore . . . ,train
positive,food service is usually really good . ,train
positive,"delicious sandwiches , cute boys , and kool aid . i likey . ",train
positive,have always had superior meals here . wine selection is good . service is always top notch . ,train
positive,equipment always clean and ready to use,train
positive,been here for years great place to workout and play basketball . ,train
positive,"good food , good beers , better prices . n ntry the patio outback , you ll love it . ",train
positive,hello my name is kat and im a robertos addict . its all about the carnitas nachos ! ,train
positive,so far i like it . ,train
positive,absolutely delicious home cooked food ! great service also ! highly recommend ! ,train
positive,i go to dr . reddy and he is very nice . ,train
positive,super good time ! ,train
positive,outstanding pizza served in a fun atmosphere by a wonderful wait staff ! ,train
positive,deliciousness ,train
positive,"food was great quality , and fresh . they have excellent service , definitely coming back ! ",train
positive,"great staff , great beer selection , beyond decent drink specials , gyro pizza . . . done ! ",train
positive,"i like this starbucks ! very quick , good baristas , and plenty of seating inside and out ! ",train
positive,stunning . foliage can be bitey,train
positive,banzi burger ! ! nyour taste buds will thank you ! ! ! ,train
positive,the dry rub jerk wings are great ! ! ! ,train
positive,exquisite ! ! ,train
positive,great music good friendly staff good food . great view,train
positive,great place to be a cowboy ! ! ,train
positive,"gyro , pizza , greek salad . . . pretty much everything is good . quick delivery , good specials . ",train
positive,great small town breakfast spot highly recommend george s mixed grill . . . delicious,train
positive,"i just had lunch and was excellent , soup salad and ice cream was really tasty , , ",train
positive,good small venue to see good bands . place gets crowded so get there early for a good seat . ,train
positive,food was amazing ! ! ! just wish it were open on sunday ,train
positive,went there last weekend with my husband . one word can describe this place outstanding . ,train
positive,we fed an entire volleyball team with no complaints . enchilada sauce was very good . ,train
positive,good fast food ! ,train
positive,"can t say enough good things , wish we lived nearby ! we would come here all the time . . . ! ",train
positive,"great service and very friendly staff . the food was good , especially the shrimp albondigas . ",train
positive,brunch is awesome,train
positive,"good food for a great price . the only thing that wasn t good was the pasta , which was mushy . ",train
positive,not very busy and easy to get through security . ,train
positive,"i love the place , always outstanding service , very professional . ",train
positive,among the best of the burgh . great live acts on a regular basis . ,train
positive,i love this albertsons . it s so big ! the people are friendly and the selection is great . ,train
positive,loooove this place ! ! pad thai is delicious ,train
positive,this place is going out of business . i have taken advantage of the to off on books . ,train
positive,great selection . fast check out and easy to check in . ,train
positive,"great haircuts and color . a bit pricey , but worth it . ",train
positive,the shrimp korma and garlic naan were amazing ! great service and atmosphere ! ,train
positive,wonderful ! ,train
positive,my son loves it here ! ,train
positive,i normally avoid chain restaruants . i m just not a fan . but chipotle is good and gmo concious . ,train
positive,love every meal i ve ever had ! ! ! ! that s quite a few ! ! ! ,train
positive,catfish po boy and crawfish etoufee lunch combo were outstanding ! we can t wait to come back ! ,train
positive,great food . . . excellent service . . . family own . . . lots of aloha love . . . ,train
positive,great place to get a good hand car wash . much better than a machine and worth every penny . ,train
positive,amazing florist use em nhttp pinterest . com pin ,train
positive,its the best diner in all terms . funky and friendly . been here before and will return again . ,train
positive,always a great experience ! ! ! ! ! ,train
positive,"quick , clean no muss no fuss , keeper ! ",train
positive,great food and reasonable prices,train
positive,"i love your wonderful cheese , penn mac ! you have an amazing variety , all my favorites . ",train
positive,probably one of the best places to eat pasta or wood fired pizza . . . ,train
positive,"they accepted my online coupons not from ulta website , excellent news . ",train
positive,doc anderson has been amazing for years my family has been bringing their pets in for years,train
positive,very good short rib tacos . long wait for food though . ,train
positive,"buffet , while small is totally worth it . has all the essentials ! ",train
positive,nice cozy place . a bit pricey . used a groupon to go for the first time which helped the bill . ,train
positive,he always does a good job and is personable . ,train
positive,the nicest residence inn i have stayed in thus far . very impressive . ,train
positive,"best place ever ! i love coming here , love the selection and low prices . ",train
positive,"the orange scrub on your legs and feet feels so good ! very relaxing , very nice staff . ",train
positive,great coffee and friendly people makes for a star experience,train
positive,nice hot tub,train
positive,nice place with fair prices and quality sausage . ,train
positive,this place rocks ! ! ! i can t say enough good things ! the people are so sweet and wonderful ,train
positive,good place to grubb for lunch,train
positive,love to be able to create your own pizza . light sauce and cheese . fast only min . ,train
positive,the best goat roti in charlotte ! ,train
positive,no matter where i am at i can always trust that i will have a fabulous tj experience . ,train
positive,"great food , sandwiches , and customer service . ",train
positive,best beef eater french dip . the bread was perfect . ,train
positive,best golds in the area by far ! ,train
positive,i love the blazin chicken ! sandwich s are always fresh and tasty ! ,train
positive,it s an airport . it sucks sometimes and it sucks less at other times . ,train
positive,delicious prickly pear and boysenberry although a little too sweet . live music . comfortable . ,train
positive,it s a place of worship . . . need i say more ! ! ,train
positive,"i ate way too much sushi here . it was so good , couldn t stop ! ",train
positive,"been here before to skate and its very nice , friendly , and not crowded by any means ",train
positive,great breakfast burritos . ,train
positive,always awesome cookies . avoid the lunch time rush though ! ,train
positive,this place is magically delicious adorably cute . i love it . nthe kiss of fire is amazing . ,train
positive,"awesome gyros , lots of flavor . fries were nice and golden . comming back for more ! ",train
positive,awesome place to go on a date . cheap and super cute . ,train
positive,bomb ,train
positive,no equal . here we go stillers here we go ! ! ! ,train
positive,"so good . one of the best tasting bbq i have had in a long , long time . n nmust try ! ! ! ! ",train
positive,yum ! ! ! love and . place needs better air conditioning . ,train
positive,hells yeah ! ,train
positive,go suns go ! ! ! ! ,train
positive,"i love cyprus grill , we order for the whole salon at least once a month . n greek fries good stuff",train
positive,me and my wife love this place ! great staff and great food . atmosphere is fun ! ,train
positive,"perfect for your wing fix . sports , wings , good ! ",train
positive,i ve been to jessie and he does really good work i will always go to him when i need work done,train
positive,i love the chicken nachos . my wife and i always split one and it is enough for the both of us . ,train
positive,nice place . i like it . ,train
positive,everything was phenomenal about this place except the wait time . ,train
positive,wide variety of good food nfriendly staff nthe wait usually isn t too long,train
positive,so happy with the service . the pizzas we had were wonderful and they have a great drink selection ,train
positive,"love the mongolian beef . great food , great staff . highly recommend . ",train
positive,sweet sauce . . . . nice ! ,train
positive,it was a blur . nbut . . . i remember a lot of girls . nlots of them . ntopless . ,train
positive,"amazing pulled pork sandwiches , great bbq sauce , best pork n beans ive ever had",train
positive,enjoyable time with the wife and son . ,train
positive,"great donuts here ! ! also espolon tequila , both silver and gold ! ! ! ",train
positive,not all ray s is the same . this ray s is the best pizza outside of brooklyn . ,train
positive,"best mongolian beef anywhere , swear . . . . ",train
positive,"good is good , not wow but good and the service was excellent , gotta come back for some pie ",train
positive,"amazing service , location and restaurant . nfriendly staff . ngreat food . neasy on the wallet ! ",train
positive,great greek food . delicious and huge assortment of donuts ! worth stopping in for a treat . ,train
positive,easy to navigate and lots of shops . lacoste inside an airport ? ? ? ,train
positive,"great work , fair price , nice guy ! will go back everytime ! ! ",train
positive,my father owned this bar back in the s till late s called mr . nice nastys ! ,train
positive,good place to hike,train
positive,"wonderful food , great veggie options for my friend ! ",train
positive,great price for the size of beverage . always speedy . ,train
positive,friendly knowledgeable staff very clean store good job thank you everybody,train
positive,bbq chicken . best in charlotte . bring a bib or turn your cape around . ,train
positive,two words jalepeno margarita . just go . trust me . ,train
positive,this is a great neighborhood chain place to find good sushi . prepare to be amused ! ,train
positive,"solid deli with good ingredients , quick service and reasonable prices . ",train
positive,"great pizza , with fast delivery . ",train
positive," holes and a nine hole par . nice course , great price ! ",train
positive,"very professional , and honest . nice shop , will be my regular check shop . ",train
positive,always a good airport when you have free wifi . nice place . well designed . medium size airport . ,train
positive,love the avocado egg rolls,train
positive,how can anyone not like clean water for cents a gallon ? ! ,train
positive,los taquitos rocks ! the carne asada burrito and the cheese quesadilla are my favorites ! ,train
positive, . . . ,train
positive,i love this place ! great atmosphere and friendly service every time i go ! ! ,train
positive,closest thing to the real thing on the west coast great food,train
positive,good pizza the smoked mozzarella n is the best,train
positive,wow what a great meal and wonderful service . came once had to come back the next day . ,train
positive,music always a favorite of mine and danyell was the perfect server . ,train
positive,my favourite restaurant and bakery in pittsburgh,train
positive,my favorite sauce of pizza in the valley . it s a little pricey but definitely a great pizzza . ,train
positive,great bagels and people were very nice . we will be back soon ! love the mom and pop feel . ,train
positive,great pizza and wings . good service and easy . ,train
positive,the duck sandwich was not bad . maybe a little over priced . ,train
positive,their fried zucchini is really good ! ! ! ! ! ,train
positive,best place to buy quality cigars . true small town ownership and service . go here ! ,train
positive,my husband and kids really liked this place . the hot dogs and chili cheese fries are great ! ,train
positive,"the stand outside edgars , chicken taco with everything on it , best ever . ",train
positive,always good . i had the daybreak breakfast . mmmmmm . ,train
positive,"great morning breakfast spot . take the kids , they love watching the planes . ",train
positive,very nice european style bakery,train
positive,love the food ! flavorful and healthy . ,train
positive,the have some of the best ribs and rib tips in charlotte . tea and lemonade made fresh . ,train
positive,los tacos is authentic mexican food ! ! ! loved love love it nfab late night snack ! ,train
positive,"strawberry lemonade and pretzel sticks with marinara sauce , everytime . ",train
positive,the staff is always heplful and friendly . their designs are really fun and creative ! ,train
positive,great service . . . ntempe location . . . broadway st . ,train
positive,taco s and a way does it for me ! ,train
positive,excellent food and service . ,train
positive,the food here was awesome . get some,train
positive,great doctor ! he is really gentle and cares what i have to say . his staff is nice too . ,train
positive,"can t go wrong here , excellent every time ! great pizza , keep up the good work . ",train
positive,"this location was awesome . great service , great steak . a ",train
positive,great health club with all the perks ! they really pay attention to serving the members . ,train
positive,they were very helpful in finding the leak that i had and was very professional . ,train
positive,wonderful place to dine al fresco . freshest food . ,train
positive,best cuban food in vegas . period . ,train
positive,excellent atmosphere and friendly service . food was great . ,train
positive,service was very friendly . food was good and for a great price,train
positive,what a great menu and patio . . . the commemorativo margarita is great . . . ,train
positive,mochi mandu soup for a hangover . point blank period . ,train
positive,"pizza is a little heavy on the cheese , but good overall . great service and huge salads . ",train
positive,awesome . best chicken wings in town . crispy on the outside juicy on the inside ,train
positive,love their discount and return policy . . . ,train
positive,"amazing everything especially potatoes , banaba bread and lobster omelet yummmm ! ! ! ",train
positive,"very nice people , very good service ! thank you ! i will be back ! ",train
positive,service was good fast and just like i like it and those who ve read me know i like my cheese stakes,train
positive,"clean , friendly staff , best gas station subs x better than subway in town",train
positive,closed so sad ! ,train
positive,whole foods is the best for unprocessed and organic food . i absolutely love it ! ,train
positive,"loved it , small intimate , food very good , desert nummy ! ",train
positive,"great place , great service , reasonable prices . will do this again ! ",train
positive,this place is awesome ! my favorite is the garlic spinach pizza . ,train
positive,love this place ! we have held many celebrations and b days here over the years ! ,train
positive,we love this place the food is great,train
positive,yummy pizza ! ! ,train
positive,"mmmmm . their egg drop soup is sooo good as is the general tso s , and they deliver fast ! ",train
positive,"good food , decent priced lunch menu . definitely recommend ! ",train
positive,one of my favorite resorts always ! ! ! love ! ,train
positive,low cost good work . two macaws in the waiting room . right by the mall on the east side . ,train
positive,"super super strong drinks . very smoky and small , but definitely worth coming to . ",train
positive,we make it there once a week . al has completely spoiled us . ,train
positive,denny s is always been a favorite places easy cheep and great service . ,train
positive,very respectable people . ,train
positive,awesome store they have absolutely everything ! it s amazing and staff is so nice and helpful,train
positive,best pizza on beverly rd,train
positive,still five stars ! the vet actually called me the next day to see how my kitty was doing . a ,train
positive,"solid spot . definitely an east valley favorite . grab the oreo concrete , it s delish . ",train
positive,detailed review coming soon ! ,train
positive,i ve always been treated well d ambrosio s despite my not exactly being n scottsdale plastic . ,train
positive,"this is a lovely place ! the food is tasty and reasonably priced , and the vibe is great . ",train
positive,"my favorite place ! food is amazing , great prices , friendly staff ! love coming here ! ",train
positive,buttermilk donuts ! that s all i go there for . ,train
positive,spag warehouse is the best value for money in the tri state area . . . . damn good food ! ! ,train
positive,great place to buy business cards . very reasonable and very nice people . give them a try ! ! ,train
positive,pretty good pho favor and the beef is tender too . i heard the used good quality beef . ,train
positive,love this place,train
positive,my favorite straight up ny style pepperoni pizza in town . ,train
positive,great food and service . very happy with my visit . ,train
positive,"huge portions great food , iffy neighborhood",train
positive,great food and service . thanks . ,train
positive,it took more time to write this review than it did to get my oil change . nice location . ,train
positive,"uh , the staff ? ? amazingly nice people who value their work . oh , and the food is bomb",train
positive,great salon the staff was great along with the price ! recommend it everyone . . ,train
positive,awesome ! hamburger katsu was great as well as the pork cutlet . we will be back soon . ,train
positive,"get the fried twisted rolls ! ! food is good , large portions ! . lunch combos . ",train
positive,for those of us who like good clothing but aren t willing to debase ourselves at last chance . ,train
positive,the fajitas were delicious ! ,train
positive,"hyatt did make it right . crazy , busy holiday stay . i would stay again . ",train
positive,"best salon in dormont , if not the city . ",train
positive,went to one in texas and the ribs are equally as good as az,train
positive,great food . great service . ,train
positive,i had so much fun ! very nice people and the trail was so peaceful . i would defiantly go again . ,train
positive,great place to eat . i go there every time i am in vegas,train
positive,great sandwiches and a real soda fountain . try a cherry lime phosphate . trust me . ,train
positive,i hate this place . when can we go back ? ,train
positive,this is an amazing little neighborhood treasure ! ,train
positive,"great place to go dancing , lessons and all . ",train
positive,my boyfriend absolutely got me hooked on the shrimp tacos ! hope you can enjoy too ! ,train
positive,this place is wicked awesome ! great food and unique decor ! another home run by joe ! ,train
positive,check out my blog review and photos n nhttp food tales and other fun . tumblr . com post ,train
positive,good ish beer selection and decent food . can t complain . ,train
positive,a must see for travelers ! ride the slide . eat snake and steak . great view ! ,train
positive,great safe and cool place . every kind of dancer you can imagine . . . ,train
positive,"love this neighborhood bar , . . . . great food , service and atmosphere . . . . . ",train
positive,food was great . our chef joe hibachi was hilarious . a little pricier than other tepan grills . ,train
positive,this place has tasty food . the line is quite a wait though . ,train
positive,"we have gotten take out here and eaten in , and both times were great ! very good food ! ",train
positive,"what a great time we had with family and friends ! n na little pricey , but so much fun . ",train
positive,always a great wash . . is the basic carwash . buy the gift book and get washes for . ,train
positive,my favorite sushi place ! ,train
positive,i enjoy the food from mama s it is my go to place for a good meal and wonderful service . ,train
positive,best . cupcakes . ever . n n nthat is all . carry on . ,train
positive,"great place for chicken . i come here about times a month , love the corn and black bean sides",train
positive,is this the same place that use to be in irvine ca . . . . . . . great pizza,train
positive,supporting local business with international flavor . what s not to like ? ,train
positive,best gluten free pizza ever ! ! ,train
positive,best fried pork chop i ve ever had . solid huge lunch requiring a doggy bag each time for under . ,train
positive,i loved the steaks here ! they are so good and our waitress tammy was amazing to . ,train
positive,great place for food ! i really like their philly cheesesteaks honey hot wings . ,train
positive,i have taken everything from topcoats to pants here and never had a problem . period . ,train
positive,great tasting food at great price . drinks are ok . how can one mess up a fun and tonic ? ,train
positive,good prices and the gel polish lasts a long time,train
positive,"really nice place . we shop here all the time . great service , great selection . ",train
positive,nice people and good food ! thanks for a good time . ,train
positive,"good food , drinks are priced decently , super friendly staff . we stop in at least once a week . ",train
positive,"great food , fun place i will go back . ",train
positive,awesome place to kick back after a graveyard shift,train
positive,"andy is super entertaining , and serves up the best sushi in the burg ! don t miss ! ",train
positive,the best food and deli,train
positive,food service excellence,train
positive,love the peach iced tea with real peach slices ,train
positive,"yummy yummy cheese steak ! ! their other location seems to be a bit better , but it was still good ",train
positive,the butterfish is phenomenal ! great for special occasions . ,train
positive,love this place . not fancy but the ladies know what they are doing,train
positive,"they freeze the tequila ! margaritas a great , and they have yummy snacks . good for happy hour . ",train
positive,"faster , less expensive and friendlier than jiffy lube . i was in and out in less than minutes . ",train
positive,costume stores never fail to cheer me up even if i don t buy anything . i so love this place ! ,train
positive,"i had my th bday here , best brushetta and wine ! ",train
positive,the bright decor soon gives way to best mariscos i have had in phoenix you have a loyal customer . ,train
positive,great sushi and a quiet atmosphere . service can be a bit slow if its busy but worth the wait,train
positive,excellent food and good portions for the price . ,train
positive,where do asians from cali go for their vegas hangovers ? n nhere,train
positive,we have been coming here for many years . the food is always great and the service is fast . ,train
positive,yummy food . . . service is okay but food is great . ,train
positive,"good food , easy to travel in and out of . i enjoy flying out of this airport . ",train
positive,i so love it . . . great food nice and fresh,train
positive,excellent service and kept their promise on time . jason was excellent from start to finish . ,train
positive,the food was good . great service . i will come here again . ,train
positive,"great selection , great service . reccommended . . . ",train
positive,doughnuts are legit . nuff said . ,train
positive,corn cakes . yum . ,train
positive,big fan perfect for happy hour or even dinner love the hummus and the salads are great too ! ,train
positive,great rotating beer selection . great staff . colorful characters nightly lol . ,train
positive,"everything here is great ! i will give it a thumbs up which makes me say , it s a beautiful day . ",train
positive,thanksgiving tour nwe wobbled up the mountain nsaw amazing views,train
positive,awesome sushi . nigiri sushi here is a must try . ,train
positive,this bar rules . the or is where the pards rage and the lamb chops get slayed . returnofthemac,train
positive,my favorite sushi place in phoenix . creative and fun . the lines can be a little much . ,train
positive,"great food , pretty good beer by brewmaster bubba . always a good time for nfl games ! ",train
positive,kentucky grilled chicken . nnuff said . ,train
positive,every bite of the fagioli soup . i say mmmmmm . ,train
positive,the absolute best dive bar in tempe ! ,train
positive,the hamburgers are delicious the service was great the malts are the best,train
positive,i love this restaurant . perfect for a romantic dinner . ,train
positive,the wait staff was a little crabby but besides that i had an awesome first time experience there . ,train
positive,"good food , great hot sauce , nice interior , great wait staff , good chips . ",train
positive,an small interesting place to try . i liked the french toast . we did not like the chia tea . ,train
positive,been here twice for dinner . excellent food and wonderful service by some very nice folks,train
positive,"good food , love the decor , and had a great waiter ! ",train
positive,looks dicey on the outside but the food is good and authentic . coming from an east coast guy . ,train
positive,great lunch specials ! the best green tea ever ! love this place . always great fast service . ,train
positive,"living in asia for years , this tastes pretty good ! ",train
positive,"nice place have been back multiple times . unpretentious on the outside , nice on the inside . ",train
positive,"awesome steak , wine and service and this was on a sat . night . ",train
positive,best japanese ever ! better than sushi i had in la and sanfran,train
positive,great staff and food . . . . my home away from home . ,train
positive,always a great experience,train
positive,best ice cream ever . . worth every penny and they are very nice ! ! ,train
positive,awesome deli ! salami is awesome and pizza pasta is top notch ! worth the drive from tempe . ,train
positive,killer tortillas for great price ! get the oz tortillas for the double wrap on your burritos . ,train
positive,best dry cleaners in charlotte ! ,train
positive,when you re stoned everything is delicious . ,train
positive,yolanda is amazing ! she gives the best facials ! i absolutely love going to her ! ,train
positive,i love this place because the pasta is always very very very hot . ,train
positive,hunting loge decor is out of place but cozy after a fashion . food is excellent . ,train
positive,love this place . . been going here for over years . ! ! ! ,train
positive,"fantastic cleaners , great prices , great service",train
positive,"late night great food as always . very clean , and staff was awesome . ",train
positive,i love the service here . totally local . we dine here once a week . ,train
positive,the chichen noodle soup is great ! ! ,train
positive,this is the place for a mighty fine blueberry pancake breakfast . ,train
positive,"such friendly folks ! helpful , knowledgable and the special events are a blast ! ",train
positive,"went here at sunset , was cool to see . a good place to relax . ",train
positive,excellent food and service in a quant restaurant . they ve got a nice wine selection as well ! ,train
positive,"delicious food , wonderful atmosphere , but pricey ! ! ",train
positive,great service,train
positive,long waits but great food ! ,train
positive,i would eat for every meal if i could . ,train
positive,big fan of their salsa . the pollo diablito is my favorite here . ,train
positive,this company is wonderfull they ware fast and they did a wonderfull job thank you ! ,train
positive,a very busy golf course during weekend ! ,train
positive,"best dry cleaner around , have been using them for years and always great service",train
positive,great service . the food was decent . but kinda expensive . ,train
positive,sushi bar in airport is very good . ,train
positive,great service . very smart and friendly staff . the manager and his team are the real deal . ,train
positive,i love this place . open hours a day and all you can eat ! mmm,train
positive,"love this place . just took down the shrimp rolls and some pho , always good no matter what time . ",train
positive,great experience . food was excellent . ,train
positive,"great comfort food ! really cool find downtown near the train , museums , etc . love it ! ",train
positive,"great food and atmosphere , at a very reasonable price . strongly recommend this place . ",train
positive,got a pizza here while on vacation from wa state best pizza me and the wife ever had,train
positive,"well , this place is not bad . ",train
positive,friendly staff and clean facility ! ,train
positive,best hawaiian food in town ! n ndelicious food very reasonably priced . try the mixed plate ! ,train
positive,a local friend brought me here from out of town . glad he did . food was fantastic . ,train
positive,draft belgian beer and a mason dixon dog . ,train
positive,"very good food . good service , even when busy . their own microbrews . what s not to like ? ",train
positive,food is good . place is nice . and girls are hot like a chile lol stars yay ! ,train
positive,awesome service and quality products . ,train
positive,"short story tasting menu was stars . courses scallop , soup , fish , and amazing buffalo . ",train
positive,"great track , excellent and fun adult cars . great place to enjoy by kids and adults . ",train
positive,now with two new bee hives along the rail line as of july managed by burgh bees of pittsburgh,train
positive,"really good , old school authentic food . very affordable and quick . highly recommend . ",train
positive,love this place ! ! awesome pancakes . awesome food . ,train
positive,"fast , friendly service . nawesome sushi . nnot too shabby price . ",train
positive,i was sad to hear this bar closed as they had great st . patty s day parties . ,train
positive,i love house of yang ! their orange chicken and low mein are fantastic . ,train
positive,the korean bbq is the best ! as good or maybe better than i had growing up in hawaii ! ! ,train
positive,their springs rolls tho . ,train
positive,excellent food and friendly staff . ,train
positive,"this is where i got my pet rat , splinter , she was a quality rat . ",train
positive,my wife and i had a great experience at burland . trish helped us and made it a great experience . ,train
positive,great place to eat ! make a reservation on the weekend or you will have to wait ! ,train
positive,"fast , good , and reasonably priced ! kind of drooling just thinking about it . ",train
positive,awesomeness in the medium rare steaks service was outstanding and very moist cajun mahi mahi . ,train
positive,theaters are clean and we ll kept . staff are friendly . popcorn is marginal at best stale ! ,train
positive,"much better than pravda , er the gazette . ",train
positive,awesome service and incredible food . ,train
positive,good old american food,train
positive,"i had a great experience . short line , great food , and awesome coffee . ",train
positive,"when tram s is out of the equation , this is my backup . just as good . ",train
positive,tomato jam bruschetta . that s all you need to know . ,train
positive,good place with decent drink prices . wish they were open a little earlier . . . ,train
positive,clean ! friendly staff ! ,train
positive,getting nicer each time i comes in here . . . ,train
positive,love their sliders ! everything is good here . recommended . ,train
positive,amazing food and amazing service . mat the server is my favorite ! will go there again and again . ,train
positive,very good soup and fish dishes . ,train
positive,the pizza i order is always delicious and always ontime . ,train
positive,great food awesome martinis and great service,train
positive,my most favorite sushi restraunt ever ! the freshest sushi in the valley ! ,train
positive,empanadas aren t pie based . they give medium size meatballs on the tapas section of menu . ,train
positive,nice shop i would recommend stopping by . i been twice . stars,train
positive,can i just say bella postino yummm . ,train
positive,always the best ! love this place . ,val
positive,i will miss you . ,val
positive,food was amazing ! service was personable but adequate . empty place but worth the doubt ! ,val
positive,my favorite wings in the east valley so far . ,val
positive,"great service , great sushi ! ",val
positive,"nice course , challenging , yet still fun to play for the amateur . ",val
positive,i ve been coming here for the past years and they continues to do a great job . ,val
positive,everything on the menu is excellent . solid beer selection too,val
positive,"if you know of better cinnamon rolls in charlotte , let me know . they are great here . ",val
positive,beautiful venue ! easy to navigate and friendly staff . open and airy and sunny ! ,val
positive,clean nice i stay here because its cheap thats all,val
positive,random confession i daydream about their ropa vieja . ,val
positive,carb cholesterol savor . . . chicken fajitas with no tortillas . . . yummy ! ! ! ,val
positive,love it ! such good deals and really good prices on costume jewelry . i ve been a fan for years ! ,val
positive,"good food , and service . looks like they are going to do some remodeling soon . ",val
positive,eric is the nicest manager of any restaurant we know of . ,val
positive,ecstatic to know that they offer gluten free menu and that now they have a gluten free pazooki ! ,val
positive,best pizza since i ve moved to scottsdale from st . louis . we get carry out all the time,val
positive,love them gyros ! manager knows who his regulars are and gave me a free greek salad ! thanks bro,val
positive,my favorite pho but i think it has a new name now ? ,val
positive,"service is always solid , food is good . great lunch specials that are quick and not over priced . ",val
positive,"nice airport , easy to get around . ",val
positive,"it s hooters . free ufc , wings , beer and young girls in s style outfits . is what it is . ",val
positive,the prices specials are great ! the food is fabulous and the people are very nice . ,val
positive,best dim sum in phoenix . ,val
positive,best donuts anywhere . krispy kreme has nothing on this place . ,val
positive,my favorite hawaiian restaurant i love their macaroni salad and everthing with gravy . ,val
positive, for cup of boba tea is a bit pricy but it s pretty good . quality over quantity . ,val
positive,just had an amazing meal at pho kim long ! ! food was great and service was execellent ! ,val
positive,nice slightly divey atmosphere with good music and amazing steak and cheese s . i will be back ! ,val
positive,i like this place a lot . i see lynn regularly . great prices too . ,val
positive,"nice mall , very little riff raff . ",val
positive,i love this place . it makes me happy . ,val
positive,"great happy hours , great service and food . ",val
positive,staff is more helpful than one on mcdowell . less to choose from though . ,val
positive,great pizza with good friendly service . wonderful thin crust and excellent sauce . ,val
positive,awesome food ! ! ! try the pork tenderloin ! ! ! ,val
positive,great hardware store ! ,val
positive,hidden gem . ,val
positive,not a big fan of beef tongue but here its very good,val
positive,simply put one of the best bowls of pho you ll get in vegas . ,val
positive,absolutely for salad lovers . great options . good for kids . sign up for coupons ! ,val
positive,awesome dinos and terrific tour guides . ,val
positive,great european style boutique hotel . you can not beat this hotel for the money ! ,val
positive,"always dependable big mac , fries , and nuggets . ",val
positive,the apple fritter definitely lives up to the hype . ,val
positive,this cozy ballpark has a friendly staff and a nice baseball atmosphere ! ,val
positive,only serve sandwiches from . serve pizza from . ,val
positive,good place to eat . . . nice waitresses and clean,val
positive,decent coffee far and away better than other chains . excellent breakfast and lunch food . ,val
positive,great coffee and muffins . i have been a patron for years ! ,val
positive,great pizza really flavorful first time wish i lived here i would hit them up all the time,val
positive,doesn t get much better . ,val
positive,fast . good food . awesome prices and even better lunch specials . ,val
positive,best pizza in town served by the friendliest most effecient waitstaff ever ! ,val
positive,really good food and a good selection . the shack burro is great ! ,val
positive,great host and food,val
positive,local shop with a great selection and very helpful . n ngot to support the locals ! ,val
positive,fish burrito is just awesome ! ! ! ! ,val
positive,really took min for full fluid change for nice price . ,val
positive,"it was silly to only give this legendary place stars , i stand corrected by myself",val
positive,there is a reason this restaurant continues to amaze ! ,val
positive,cheese on cheese on cheese on cheese on cheese n ni love fioris . ,val
positive,the herbs with olive oil and bread are amazing ! ! can t go wrong with chicken parm ! ,val
positive,"this place was awesome ! the french dip with au ju is amazing ! great service , great location . ",val
positive,good buffet ! ,val
positive,"i love these people , they saved my ps and xbox",val
positive,great gluten free pizza options and very attentive service . we ll be back ! ,val
positive,"the best crab puffs , hands down . ",val
positive,great community of people love the outreach to the community ! ,val
positive,best deal on t shirts in town . for aaa . all day . ,val
positive,best bartenders in arizona . friendliest owners also . great spot for music and hanging out,val
positive,"great food , nice and clean . food prices are a little much but it s definitely quality food . ",val
positive,"food was great , service was top knotch . ",val
positive,great subs . that have great flavor from the very first bite . ,val
positive,had the gyro kebab combination dinner . it was exceptionally good . ,val
positive,i love this place it s so clean plus they serve their clients wine holly is amazing ! ,val
positive,great neighborhood joint can t beat the bruschetta and a cold brew to relax and unwind . ,val
positive,"i love this place , i love their lunch combos , decent portions for the buck ! ",val
positive,"very good , fantastic menu selection . ",val
positive,"hey hey ! ! at the flea market . . . living rooms , dinettes . . . ",val
positive,"great oven roasted bread , and unique sandwiches . lacking variety . . . as does his pizzeria . ",val
positive,love this chili s . friendly bar staff and always quick to serve . victoria it s the best ! ,val
positive,my wife and i loved our food and the service . it was a great date night ! ,val
positive,a wonderful experience the food and wine were excellent keep up the good work . ,val
positive,food is great love the red chili and green chili burrito . ,val
positive,well lee all i have to say is good job mate . great food and great service . just ask for brian . ,val
positive,newest coffee on magnolia . great people and decor . good place to get breakfast or lunch . ,val
positive,i have two favorite sushi places here awhautukee ! ! ! ,val
positive,great sushi spot . nice staff and wonderful food . t,val
positive,"always get good quality work done here , but not the cheapest in town for business shirts . ",val
positive,staff is very friendly and helpful . ,val
positive,very good and not overly stuffy . i enjoy this place . ,val
positive,"always a good meal , and love the weekend specials usually n nnever had a problem at all ! ! ",val
positive,awesome place . laulau s are good and moist . ,val
positive,"with practice , you can make a huge bowl , large enough for meals ! ",val
positive,food and service have always been good . the seafood dinner was done perfectly . ,val
positive,thank you yelp . yet another awesome place i would not have found without the help of yelp . ,val
positive,"beautiful course , super friendly staff , and . . . wow cheap beer ! we will be back ! ",val
positive,love this place totally love you can get a huge box of bananas for only pretty awesome ! ,val
positive,keep up all the good work at the humane society . ,val
positive,"great bar , nice people ! ",val
positive,"my favorite , favorite , favorite place to go ! ",val
positive,best place in the city to get a dog,val
positive,love this place . great sushi . great service . ,val
positive,i like the rocking chairs ! bathrooms clean and easy to navigate around the terminals . ,val
positive,love this place only greek restaurant that makes fresh pitta s . ,val
positive,wow . old school awesome . nthe chicken picata was amazing ! ,val
positive,i got poked here and i liked it . ,val
positive,love this place ! great food and nice staff ! ,val
positive,"great place for rc fans . limited plastic selection but i found two kits i liked , needed . ",val
positive,"the ribs , you must try them ! my major mistake was getting a slab . ",val
positive,this is one of my favs in mesa . ,val
positive,great old school diner with some tasty comfort food . ,val
positive,"very good ! nice people , and good food . always recommend this place . buon appetito ! ",val
positive,sometimes you get a great deal when you come in the right time ! ,val
positive,good mexican food and amazing atmosphere . ,val
positive,the sandwiches are great but the focaccia bread is a masterpiece . ,val
positive,nice rooms and great service . parking is a little far and the indoor pool is cold . ,val
positive,adobado burrito . five bucks . open hours . nuff said ! ,val
positive,les recomiendo la botana mixta trae un pokito de todo excelente para k coman una familia de . ,val
positive,love the blt,val
positive,"if you do nothing else , you must enter rh and get swept away in bliss and beauty . ",val
positive,service is soooooo good ! i can always count on this place to ace great service and great food ! ,val
positive,"can t complain . . . great service , great cheesecake , decent food . ",val
positive,my favorite ! ! has a drive thru as well ! ! ! ,val
positive,lunch was outstanding ! double down with hummus and tabulee . nwill be back for dinner soon ! ! ,val
positive,shish kabob chicken gyro is so good with the shirazy salad yummy ! ! ! . . ,val
positive,dr . erdos takes good care of my family and understands our complex medical needs . ,val
positive,"great food , extremely attentive staff . all around great experience . ",val
positive,love this place although very small and had to wait for a seat every time . ,val
positive,i won t go anywhere else for chinese . ,val
positive,"best damn chorizo , egg and potato burrito i ve ever had . next to my grandmother s of course . ",val
positive,"always clean , always fresh . ",val
positive,i always rent from here . great service . all my vehicle needs are always met at a great price . ,val
positive,"every time i come here , i get great service and the food is delicious . ",val
positive,just as delicicious as ever . try the lemon orzo chicken soup . ,val
positive,i love the work they do and they re cheap ! ! ! ! so worth the trip ! ,val
positive,"okay , your standard coffee shop . i do like the ambiance of sitting outside on the lake though . ",val
positive,amazing ! ! delicious ! ! the service omg ! ! wow ! ! ,val
positive,my mom and i always have dinner here . filet mignon is always cooked to perfection ,val
positive,"best pizza in the north side by far . super friendly staff , too . ",val
positive,as far as pizza and wings go . best pizza we have had since moving to phoenix years ago . ,val
positive,"great prices and friendly staff , they know their stuff . ",val
positive,outstanding service israel s awesome . . . ,val
positive,"trustworthy staff , low prices , and friendly customer service . what more do you want ? ",val
positive,the gorgonzola ny strip is amazing ! ! ! ! ,val
positive,"get there right as they open and it won t be busy , awesome food ! ",val
positive,an exquisite thanksgiving dinner in a beautiful setting ! a great rhone wine to accompany it all . ,val
positive,fantasic and very friendly staff ! the best in charlotte hands down ! ,val
positive,ask for jonathon or his wife . they are the owners and do an excellent job . ,val
positive," bagel dog promotion today was awesome and yummy , too ! ngilbert location is our favorite . ",val
positive,excellent food and excellent service,val
positive,great service . . friendly staff ! ! ! ! ,val
positive,great place to spend a lazy sunday . also great place to take visiting friends and family . ,val
positive,"great food and service , reasonably priced . try the veggie sandwich ! ",val
positive,great local s bar . ,val
positive,late night happy hour menu . everything . ! ? ! ? ! mind blown ! ,val
positive,happy to live in a city with a club like this . ,val
positive,love spicy garlic edamame ! ,val
positive,"dr . chen is great , they saw our benji with little notice . ",val
positive,love the chefs interpretation of eggs benedict . ambience can t be beat . ,val
positive,what a great place to stop for a good meal before a pirates game . ,val
positive,"great service , great food , great drinks . ",val
positive,love this store especially their clearance section . ,val
positive,this my fav . place,val
positive,"love liberty market , i ve never had anything i haven t loved . ",val
positive,they have a great selection of rolls and the sushi is very fresh . friendly service too ! ,val
positive,hoegaarden on tap nwhen you re in an uptown mood nri ra is the bomb,val
positive,"they have teaworst , so they re awesome . buy teaworst . ",val
positive,our family always enjoys a night a spinatos . we always request lorenzo as our server . ,val
positive,best food in town without even thinking,val
positive,arroz con pollo platter ! ,val
positive,only place i shop for my fur kids food ! ,val
positive,"very good food friendly , casual and always welcomed with a smile . will be back ! ",val
positive,very good ramen . had some excellent pot stickers and edamame as well . cheaply priced as well ! ,val
positive,had them deliver and it was still hot ! always great service and really yummy ! ! ,val
positive,great location ! close to shops and theatre . nice staff . ,val
positive,"great service , really nice and helpful guys . i was in and out in minutes . thanks ! ",val
positive,such great restaurants and parks . . . ,val
positive,great outdoor option for phoenix people,val
positive,good dept store . great selections of products . weekly sales to make it interesting . ,val
positive,this one s by far the best tj s in vegas ! everything always in stock ,val
positive,i love this place . it s where the local artist community hangs out ! ,val
positive,"the food is fresh , delicious and the service is fast and attentive . love the dining ambiance . ",val
positive,the best deep dish pizza in az . also recommend trying their house dressing . . . amazing,val
positive,"we keep going back for the tacos drink , . , deal . ",val
positive,try the habanero wings . they are great ! quick service . great computer system to follow order . ,val
positive,so good ! definitely going back . ,val
positive,"being part greek , this is one of my favorite spots , mmm mmm delicious",val
positive,"always had great food , try the clam chowder ! ! ! ",val
positive,i love the pancakes on a hangover kinda morning ! ! ! ,val
positive,great environment great location with easy parking and access to downtown pittsburgh . ,val
positive,"very nice people , helpful , did exactly what i needed . ",val
positive,tor . ti . llas . . . . . . delicioso ! ! andale mi amgos . . . . . ,val
positive,love thai food . love this place . they deliver too ! ,val
positive,their cake batter flavor is good . look in the sunday paper for for offers . ,val
positive,best mexican joint in arizona ! red chili is the greatest ! ,val
positive," beers in tap , specialty bombers and great pizza . also , they have live music and sports . ",val
positive,one of my favorites for breakfast or brunch . ,val
positive,been here a number of times and it s my favorite german food in pgh ! ,val
positive,great place . perfect service . can t wait to go back . pasta salad was delish . ,val
positive,love the food here . ,val
positive,"good business , need more workers i m guessing , always have to wait longer then anticipated",val
positive,best subs around period . ,val
positive,i an very happy with my haircut staff are very polite too . ,val
positive,website updated on the hour . clean . friendly and knowledgeable staff . odd location . ,val
positive,they have the best tamales in town ! ,val
positive,"good place , coffee is quite good and seating is comfortable . ",val
positive,great place for conference . the staff was helpful in getting us to the conference room . ,val
positive,delicious sushi ! ,val
positive,tasty burgers and onion rings . clean and friendly . i d go back again . ,val
positive,lalalalove everyone at this store there s a deli w yummy food ! ,val
positive,"amazing burgers , had once would go again except the wait was pretty long . ",val
positive,really efficient denny s ! great in a pinch . ,val
positive,"love this place . . . cool vibe , fresh breads , and unique options . so good . ",val
positive,great place to see a band . just wish it was closer to my side of town . ,val
positive,i had southwest salad . red velvet cheesecake mmmmmmm,val
positive,great food and great atmosphere ! always fun ! ,val
positive,had a fun time at the phoenix zoo with the kids yesterday . ,val
positive,this restaurant is no longer called don pedro s . it is now jallisco s . ,val
positive,always delicious ! oktoberfest is insane every year . ,val
positive,fabulous ! ,val
positive,good food . good service,val
positive,good selection . prices seem to have come down since mekong plaza opened at dobson main . ,val
positive,will be back here every two weeks . great pizza . great options . couldn t ask for better ! ,val
positive,one of the best pastries i ve had in my life i got here . i think it s called a french bearclaw . ,val
positive,had a wonderful experience and prices are great ! ! ,val
positive,buffalo chicken was excellent . ,val
positive,amazing choices . friendly staff . ,val
positive,quick service ! clean . ,val
positive,love this place ! always fun ! ,val
positive,best breakfast burritos in town,val
positive,"love love love my cardinals , through thick and thin ",val
positive,"delivered on time , love there new crust good pizza ! ",val
positive,best thai food in las vegas . eat here your life will be better . ,val
positive,i love this cinema . chud . com isn t the best movie website in the world but it s damn good ! ,val
positive,"the only thing that i can say is yum ! i love the pancakes , the waffles and the service . ",val
positive,loved this place . the honey lemon boba teas was excellent . fun feel and we will be back . ,val
positive,"great food , great service ! ",val
positive,"its good , cheap , quick down home mexican food ! i love it ! ! ! ",val
positive,this place rocks ! ! ,val
positive,good guys . they do good work and are prompt . ,val
positive,"authentic , excellent . always at the top of their game , awesome people . ",val
positive,service was very good . . calzone was excellent . ,val
positive,no doubt food was very awesome and service also very nice . ,val
positive,good food . great service . fair prices . ,val
positive,open christmas eve ! n nthey serve patron anejo ! n nand . . . n nthey have low carb cheesecake ! ,val
positive, words . . . flavored crust ! ,val
positive,affordable service and he was on time . very nice guy and he did good work . ,val
positive,been closed for quite some time . ,val
positive,fantastic steak . gentlemen s club decor . professional service . valet parking . expensive . ,val
positive,very clean and nice convention center . staff is ok . . . ,val
positive,this is the best place for authentic italian food . the sandwiches are excellent ! ! ! ! ! ,val
positive,"good food , arrives hot , service is spectacular ! ",val
positive,a great selection of cookwares . the cooking classes are a lot of fun as well . ,val
positive,"excellent spot for beer , grub and the game . ",val
positive,i m a sucker for their sweet and spicy wings . ,val
positive,"if you want korean soup or fried rice , go here . best on campus . ",val
positive,food and service is great ! ! ,val
positive,my favorite gym ! ,val
positive,"good eats , can t go wrong ! ",val
positive,this is authentic thai food really good . the inside has been re done and good service . ,val
positive,love the red pepper hummus try the lemon vinagrette on everything its the best ! ,val
positive,"realized i rank this a , what am i insane ? ? ",val
positive,good food excellent service . ,test
positive,"excellent food , very friendly service . ",test
positive,carmello is great ! we ve been going to him for years . i would highly recommend this location . ,test
positive,very good if not outstanding mexican style restaurant . ,test
positive,ny style,test
positive,best wing s the works ! ! and sports bar atmosphere ever ! the best music is always playing ! ,test
positive,best ever massage i have ever had ! xoxoxo,test
positive,bruschetta and panini sandwiches,test
positive,big j is awesome and super conscientious . i trust having my luxury car at arcadia car wash . ,test
positive,"the best fricken caramel macchiato ! love their service , always friendly . ",test
positive,awesome sushi ! love this place ! ,test
positive,delicious . tried tongue for the first time . wish the service was faster . happy with the food . ,test
positive,"great service , easy and convenient location . clothes returned just right ! ",test
positive,love the calzones,test
positive,i love red robin ! all of the burgers come with endless fries ! what is not to love ? ,test
positive,san francisco ers bar need i say more . go niners ! ! ! ,test
positive,this is on the southeast corner by the walgreens . not the north east as the map shows . ,test
positive,nice,test
positive,a little pricey for the portions but welllllll worth it great food great atmosphere,test
positive,tasty fried flounder . gyros ! multiple order lines . adequate service . crowded . ,test
positive,love love love their spicy tuna ! call in your order for quicker service,test
positive,this is a great old school steak house in las vegas . i loved it . . . ,test
positive,love their ice cream mocha ! ! its taste better with pudding,test
positive,love coming to this place great service great food great drink great everything . highly recommend,test
positive,"quick , friendly , awesome . ",test
positive,the rare steak soup is the best in town ! add an order of egg rolls and you ll go home happy . ,test
positive,this is one of my my go to restaurants when i have visitors . nuff said ! ,test
positive,i love that you can buy a single taco ! ,test
positive,wonderful food ! excellent service ! great lunchtime atmosphere ! ,test
positive,i love places that serve breakfast all day ! ,test
positive,"best local pizza we ve had to date . thin crust and lots of flavor , not all dough . ",test
positive,great view ! great service ! great food ! we will be going back ! ,test
positive,very nice and clean place to have breakfast or lunch,test
positive,yum ! clean . good . what more can you ask for when it comes to pho ? ,test
positive,"excellent food , awesome staff . i can count on ray s again and again for a delicious meal . ",test
positive,whoops time super bowl champs ! ,test
positive,i mean it has good pizza i love the ceaser salad . i enjoyed . ,test
positive,"this dennys has great service , its open late , its clean and hardly crowded . ",test
positive,"decent sandwiches , and a great price for the area . in kind of a run down strip mall though . ",test
positive,favorite place,test
positive,great little place in a strip mall . nloved the burritos . ,test
positive,extremly small store but it s filled with all kinds off goodies ! ,test
positive,borderline sanitation . delicious food . collards . mac n cheese . meatloaf . obama tea . ,test
positive,aaargh ! they were out of winter melon buns ! at least they still make them . ,test
positive,loved this place ! intimate and not chaotic and great trainers,test
positive,love bfast at this place ! prices are ok not cheap but what is anymore ? ,test
positive,"just a note the remodel has begun , and the new chairs as much much less comfortable . ",test
positive,the best hands down i ve ever experienced . customer for life now . ,test
positive,one of the best and natural sushi spots here in az,test
positive,"always friendly , they always greets you , clean , lots of tables , right next to safeway",test
positive,my favorite place to eat in las vegas . solid bbq . n ntry the hot links . ,test
positive,beautiful resort ! they did a great job with the dance competition . ,test
positive,good food for the price with excellent atmosphere and staff,test
positive,visiting from pa . . . great food great service . sat outside,test
positive,excellent cheap mexican food that tastes as good as any mexican restaurant . ,test
positive,great food service ! ! ,test
positive,"great service great food ! brought a group of , being small children . everyone was so kind ! ! ! ",test
positive,wize is a great place . they do a great job repairing notebooks and they are good guys . ,test
positive,"food was good , a bit pricey . atmosphere was fun . ",test
positive,how did i not realize that the harris is cash only ? ,test
positive,"food was really good , really nice atmosphere and the staff is great . we ll definitely be back . ",test
positive,"awesome food , awesome service night crew , awesome time . thanks guys",test
positive,excellent for quick meal on the go . . . ,test
positive,"no friendlier spot in the valley , and the dishes are tops . ",test
positive,"my order has been hot , fresh and accurate every time at this location",test
positive,"great staff , great food , great fun ! i wish they had a place like this where i live ! ",test
positive,my favorite place ,test
positive,yum yum yum burger . . . . enough said ! ,test
positive,"they serve spaten oktoberfest year round ! great brots , potato pancakes , and pretzel bread ! ",test
positive,awesome place ! i like the memorabilia on the walls . ,test
positive,great place for lunch . good food and fresh . love the chicken souvalki . . . . ,test
positive,reasonable price and good food . but i feel like the quality was better before . ,test
positive,good food fresh and interesting local market pizzas . great beer selection . ,test
positive,"the food and service are wonderful ! and if u don t have time to stay , they have quick take out . ",test
positive,great in and out ! i have been to a few airports but this is well set up . ,test
positive,"shea was great ! fast , friendly and honest service . ",test
positive,"bacon , egg , and cheese on a garlic bagel toasted . that s all you need to know . ",test
positive,a really fun place to explore . good variety of attractions . a great activity for all ages,test
positive,as nice as an airport can get . ,test
positive,the owner took care of me ! ,test
positive,really liked the spicy italian sausage and the quality of the meats . friendly service n ,test
positive,awesome fish fry and great atmosphere . ,test
positive,love this place . great food and unique character . a must if you live in charlotte . ,test
positive,charming place ! plenty of fountains and garden decor . ,test
positive,"a low carb lovers paradise ! bacon , bacon , bacon ! ",test
positive,best mexican food in the valley ! ! ! yummmmmmy ! ! ! ! ! ! super nice family ! ! ! ! ,test
positive,"the atmosphere is fantastic , the service is great , and the rooms are wonderful ! ",test
positive,"good service , very good food and a nice wine list . we ll be back . ",test
positive,"solid mcdonalds , good coffee , fresh , accurate orders . free wifi and a remodeled dining room . ",test
positive,awesome food and awesome service ! ! ! nwe love this place ! ,test
positive,good food . great prices . wings made the way god intended . awesome place ! ,test
positive,love a store with a massage chair while i wait,test
positive,it s the best pho in vegas . . . only vegas ! ni have had better ones before . . . ,test
positive,love this place ! and everyone needs to gt the okra ! it is amazing and super easy to fry ! ! ! ! ,test
positive,"very fresh and yummy items , great fish tacos , will return here for more . ",test
positive,fish tacos . hours . you now know everything you need to know . ,test
positive,great service . always quick and friendly . ,test
positive,i loved this off strip dive casino ! ,test
positive,excellent dinner . had a new york strip steak and scallops for . ,test
positive,"very good food beef chow fun , fried tofu and fried rice",test
positive,"the bruschetta is to die for , and brunch is fantastic . don t forget the delicious mimosas ! ",test
positive,big fan of the duck . ,test
positive,best mexican food ! ,test
positive,very nice atmosphere . the white chocolate macadamia nut latte was awesome ! ,test
positive,great place to shop,test
positive,"postino is delicious , reasonably priced and fun . the only bummer is they don t have a full bar . ",test
positive,"great food , great wine , awesome happy hour . . . what more could you want ? ! ? ! ",test
positive,go phoenix suns,test
positive,"really enjoy this place ! great portion size , very friendly service",test
positive,great food . great service . mark went out of his way to make sure we were taken care . ,test
positive,watch for pedestrians when leaving the drive thru,test
positive,kids love this pizza . they have a family night on monday night . pizza cannot go wrong . ,test
positive,"i love spa lamar ! the service is amazng , the packages are incredibly reasonable . ",test
positive,fun ! ! ! ,test
positive,just ate a delcious mexican pizza here . it s so yummy ! ,test
positive,total charge zero for fix a flat,test
positive,good food and great staff ! ,test
positive,"when my friend had took me here to eat lunch , i fell in love with subsandwich . i love it",test
positive,"very good service , food was very well cooked , taste was okay . served even after closing time . ",test
positive,great service . fun downtown atmosphere . highly recommended,test
positive,yummy ! ! great gifts for clients and good service ,test
positive,"my experiences here are always a little weird , but the food is great and i love the patio . ",test
positive,gave me a good deal on service i had done . . . . . about cheaper than any other service shop . ,test
positive,"quaint , friendly coffee house ! love their coffee iced and hot and iced pomegrante green tea ! ",test
positive,best pizza in phoenix ! ! ! ,test
positive,i love this place ! n nbut n nbring back the beef curry udon ! ! ! n nthat is all,test
positive,nice clean place with good food . shrimp burrito pretty tasty . ,test
positive,staff was quick and efficient . food was delicious . ,test
positive,classic great atmosphere fresh yummy,test
positive,their sandwiches are to die for ! i only wish they had more locations ! ,test
positive,great pizza and wings special . ,test
positive,best spin class i ve ever taken . been going here years now and it just gets better ! ,test
positive,been here a few times and never disappointed . the green cheesy shrimp dish was phenomenal . ,test
positive,"great food , i can t complain other than i wanted more food . . . . hehe ! ",test
positive,still love this place ! ,test
positive,i saw franco harris at this place he was a class act great place to by real food from italy,test
positive,love them,test
positive,great sandwiches and cookies . ,test
positive,"come with an empty stomach , the portions are huge and the service is awesome . ",test
positive,"amazing drinks , but prices are not cheap . ",test
positive,champon noodles is one of our favorites . the cinnamon bread is awesome,test
positive,their yakisoba noodles are just the best c ni ll try from anywhere in phoenix just to get their s ,test
positive,very very good . no regrets ! ,test
positive,best ribs in town . always treats us right . my family loves the entire menu . ,test
positive, for jameson shots for ! ! ,test
positive,"love the salad , but the nachos are better",test
positive,the best pho and spring rolls in chandler ! this is my go to pho place . ,test
positive,super clean restaurant with great healthy options . ,test
positive,"best chinese in town . quick delivery , great service , great price . ",test
positive,favorite place in town i recommend the mongolian beef or beef chow mein also hit n sour soup ! ! ,test
positive,"super chop salad , great tea , very nice customer service . . . i look forward to coming again ",test
positive,"good food and good service , and right by the house . . . . ",test
positive,excellent service . really good with the kids . the owner joe always provides excellent service,test
positive,always good and close to umc valley hospital,test
positive,really good thin ny style pizza,test
positive,they have everything,test
positive,"oh my , the seafood spicy noodle soup is soooo good . ",test
positive,bailey s is a great place to hangout and play some pool and have some great pub food . ,test
positive,"very nice place . all be it small , still a nice place for an afternoon",test
positive,cool,test
positive,"fresh fish , big portions and fair prices . ",test
positive,"good quality , fast haircut . great location near campus . tuesdays , . men s otherwise . ",test
positive,i love the food here . love the vibe . ,test
positive,travis is very nice and helpful,test
positive,best sandwich in town ! ,test
positive,service natmosphere nfood nvegetarian friendly na ngeneral awesomeness n ncan t go wrong ! ! ,test
positive,this place rocks ! ,test
positive,a true sports bar with plenty of character i would recommend this place to anyone . ,test
positive,yes ! ! ! ! ! ! n n n n ngreat service ! ngreat food ! nlove the byob ! ! ! . ,test
positive,cheap but tasty . nothing beats that combo . ,test
positive,bring back tropicana fruit punch . ,test
positive,awwsomeee ! ! ! this was delish ! great omelet and my server was excellent . i definitely recommend,test
positive,good selection and prices . ,test
positive,it is what it is very good fast food mexican restaurant in south phoenix . ,test
positive,"incredibly cheap , about for very generous portions . taste was good . ",test
positive,"justin and staff are very friendly , helpful , and knowledgeable . ",test
positive,"quick service , amazing coffee , nice vibe . ",test
positive,good and sweet,test
positive,my favorite lunch ! ,test
positive,pefect food . ,test
positive,last baseball game of the season,test
positive,nice visit . quick service and good food . ,test
positive,great place fast service and great prices . beat everywhere i checked thanks discount ! ! ! ! ,test
positive,"consistently good sushi , and great happy hour specials . ",test
positive,a taste of home lubbock in az ! always a great meal ! n nask for the hotter salsa ! ,test
positive,chris bianco s sandwiches are like breast milk for grown ups . ,test
positive,"delicious food and reasonably priced , especially if you go during there happy hours ! ",test
positive,hot haute hot love luv loooove,test
positive,the lox platter is amazing ! great jewish deli . has a bit of an old school feel to it . ,test
positive,"thank you for listening and adding gf and veg items , now everyone in the family can enjoy bfast ",test
positive,"can t beat good beer , good food , and good people ! ",test
positive,"great team , ",test
positive,the portions are huge . reasonable price . the fish i ordered was decent . ,test
positive,"lunch specials are . and . , they use only white meat . great service . ",test
positive,best pizza in the burgh . no doubt . ,test
positive,great food the tuesday special is one of my favorites chicken fried chicken,test
positive,"get up , go downtown and eat here ! ",test
positive,the shrimp tacos were awesome ! ! ! great little place ! ,test
positive,"good food , fun ambiance , cool people ! definitely a fan",test
positive,very nice people where warm and you had a welcome feeling . the paster is young and very nice . ,test
positive,chicago dog was awesome . great selection of craft beers on draft too ! ,test
positive,"the best cane in the valley ! chicken , steak . . . . . . . everything ! ",test
positive,great time . decent ice . helpful staff . ,test
positive,we have the best food choices of any airport,test
positive,starbucks . . . . can t live without it,test
positive,"food is good , beer is amazing ! highly recommend stopping in if you re in the neighborhood . ",test
positive,always open with good broth . definitely a good late grub after the club gets out . ,test
positive,had some solid pepper steak . food seems decent overall and portions are priced well . ,test
positive,"quick , friendly service ! ",test
positive,my favorite staff and environment this is the best buck,test
positive,the food was great ! waitress was funny . but i still like paschal s fried chicken better . ,test
positive,always pleased . good portions of fish in rolls . unlike ra ! ,test
positive,"phenom place for breakfast , and great for lunch . they close at pm ! ",test
positive,great food ! good prices . ,test
positive,damn good . just try one hot dog and or a taco . ,test
positive,"the food is good , the service is good . ",test
positive,great place to waste some time even a cafe up stairs,test
positive,expect to wait for a seat . you ll be glad u did . highly recommend the honey toast . ,test
positive,good korean restaurant and close to engineering labs . ,test
positive,they are the best . inexpensive and caring . ,test
positive,"hidden little stand just off lv blvd . delicious frozen custard , just like i love ! ! ! ",test
positive,rockin the uniform matt ! thanks for your excellent customer service,test
positive,kids eat free on sunday ! ,test
positive,"awesome place . small . great , inexpensive food . you should go ! ",test
positive,food service are very good . i would prefer to come here versus the over rated village tavern . ,test
positive,vegas staple for breakfast ! cheap and big portions think dinner not restaurant . ,test
positive,"good food , always a line out the door . alittle pricey per dish that is why only stars . ",test
positive,get the spinach florentine bagel with jalopeno cream cheese ! very yummy ! ,test
positive,cucumber roll is amazing ! ! ,test
positive,love supporting local business . . . had friendly service by all . . . . . ,test
positive,good food . ngood drinks . ngood patio . ngreat urinal . ,test
positive,"fun place , yummy food and a great place to watch football . very attentive wait staff . ",test
positive,"awesome food , huge portions . next time i m in vegas i will definitely eat there again . ",test
positive,this place has good accommodations to what you want to order ! ! they are great ! ! ,test
positive,"when it comes to hawaiian food , ross j s is as good as it gets . ",test
positive,great sirloin steak and excellent friendly wait staff ! we ll be back ! ,test
positive,the experience i had was great fast delivery of food and my goodness the pork carnitas wow ! ,test
positive,awesome ! ! can t believe i drove by it a million times and never went . best ribs ! ! ,test
positive,amazing cardio funk classes with q ! ! ! ,test
positive,great food great people ! ! ,test
positive,great place and beautiful patio ! adovo chicken pasta and poblano chicken chowder are favorites ! ,test
positive,had the pumpkin curry and nam kao tod today . . . . very very yummy ! we ll be back . ,test
positive,their copy department is rad . good service and reasonable pricing for quick print jobs . ,test
positive,very nice airport a lot of selections of food we stopped at sbarro s to grab something to eat . ,test
positive,"food and service was good , they paid good attention to us . . . ",test
positive,yeah um this place rocks . cool bar area . the bomb,test
positive,"love this place have very good food and price is reasonable , great service . fun place",test
positive,"the cinnamon roll was perfect for my sweet tooth , warm and flakey . ",test
positive,great dealership ! friendly staff . great selection . ,test
positive,new menu that includes a great fish taco meal a decent taco salad . ,test
positive,"nice ambiance , hoping the food matches",test
positive,"great service , cold beer , and their ribs are awesome ",test
positive,"really a nice menu and good food , a true ma and pa place . they run the counter and the grill",test
positive,yum ! ,test
positive,"great food . wonderful , friendly service . i highly recommend . ",test
positive,get the encore sandwich ! ! make sure to get it with the yogurt sauce ! ! amazing ! ! ,test
